>!Since the product logic no longer meets the technical development of game industry, Game Player Matching GPM will be deprecated on June 1st, 2022. Please complete service migration before May 31, , 2022.
#### Rule
A rule includes a rule name and rule set script. It is defined by the developer to describe how a matchmaking algorithm is implemented in a game.

#### Match
A match is created by the developer in the console. To create a match, the developer needs to configure the matching rules, results processing, timeout rules, notification receiving address and more. Once a match is created successfully, it will be assigned a MatchCode as its unique identifier.

#### MatchTicket
MatchTickets are generated to track the status and results of matchmaking requests. Each matchmaking request initiated via TencentCloud API gets a ticket, which is uniquely identified by a ticket ID. This ID is either passed in by developers or generated by GPM.

#### Placement
An action that requests game resources based on GPM matchmaking results. When a match you created request for resources from the Game Server Engine (GSE), GPM will automatically call the GSE game server session placement API and use matchmaking results to start a game server session in a specified game session queue.

#### Match Backfill
Match Backfill is a process where matchmaking requests are initiated to find new players for matched games, either for large matches with empty slots or when players drop out from an existing game session.

#### Event Notification
Multiple events occur during the lifecycle of a matchmaking request. From the initialization of the matchmaking request, to discovering potential matches, to the completion, failure or timeout of the request, GPM sends notifications of all such events to your receiving address so you can track the status and results of your matchmaking requests. 
