**In order to use the Tencent Cloud Live Video Broadcasting (“LVB”) service (the “Service”), you should read and observe this Live Video Broadcasting Service Level Agreement (this “Agreement”, or this “SLA”) and the Tencent Cloud Service Agreement. This Agreement contains, among others, the terms and definitions of the Service, level indicators of the Service availability and success rate, compensation plan and release of liabilities. Please carefully read and fully understand each and every provision hereof, and the provisions restricting or releasing certain liabilities, or otherwise related to your material rights and interests, are in bold font or underlined or otherwise brought to your special attention.**

**Please do not purchase the Service unless and until you have fully read, and completely understood and accepted all the terms hereof. By clicking “Agree”/ “Next”, or by purchasing or using the Service, or by otherwise accepting this Agreement, whether express or implied, you are deemed to have read, and agreed to be bound by, this Agreement. This Agreement shall then have legal effect on both you and Tencent Cloud, constituting a binding legal document on both parties.**

### 1.	Terms and Definitions
**1.1	Live Video Broadcasting (LVB) Service:** means the low-latency, high-speed, stable and smooth audio and video broadcasting service provided by Tencent Cloud, which supports functions including without limitation real-time transcoding, intelligent porn detection, screenshot and recording. 

**1.2	Service Period/Month:** One calendar month will be counted as one Service Period. When the period concerned is less than one calendar month, it will not be counted as one Service Period, nor will the service availability for such period be calculated.

**1.3	Service Downtime:** If the Failure Rate of Video Playing of the live broadcasting service is higher than 0.4% (exclusive) within one unit time (each 5 minutes as one calculation time unit), it shall be deemed that the Service is unavailable within such unit time; when such situation lasts for ten (10) minutes or more, such time shall be counted into the Service Downtime, while any such situation that lasts less than ten (10) minutes will not be counted into the Service Downtime. 

**1.4 Failure Rate of Video Playing:**

  Failure Rate of Video Playing = number of users whose loading of a video fails / total number of users who load the video × 100%
  Any of the following will be deemed as the failure of loading of a video: 
- return of a 5XX error code resulting from a server error of Tencent Cloud Live Video Broadcasting
- a user request failure resulting from the unavailability of any Tencent Cloud Live Video Broadcasting node
- Any failure of video loading due to any of the following reasons will not be counted into the Failure Rate of Video Playing
- expiry of any anti-leech protection adopted by a client with anti-leech authentication enabled
- block of a domain name caused by any illegal or prohibited content of a client or otherwise
- anomaly on the push end
> Note:
One IP will be deemed as one user, and all repeated failure requests of one IP within the calculation time period will be deemed as one failure request;
If the total number of valid requests within five (5) minutes is less than 250, the failure rate of such five (5) minutes will not be counted into the Failure Rate of Video Playing.

**1.5	Monthly Service Fee:** the service fees for LVB under a Tencent Cloud account of a client during one calendar month (including data charges by data volume or by bandwidth, and charges for transcoding, recording, screenshot, porn detection and other value-added services). If you make a one-time purchase of multiple pre-paid service packages, the Monthly Service Fee will be subject to the actual consumption during the then current calendar month.

### 2.	Service Availability
**2.1	Calculation of Service Availability**

Service Availability = (1 – Service Downtime during a Service Period / total time of the Service during a Service Period) × 100%

**2.2	Service Standard Indicator**

**The Service Availability of the Service** provided by Tencent Cloud will be **no less than 99.9%.** You are entitled to the compensation as set forth in Section 3 below if the Service Availability fails to meet the aforementioned standard, other than in any circumstance as provided for in the release of liabilities provisions below. 

### 3.	Service Compensation

In respect of this Service, if the Service Availability fails to meet the abovementioned standard, you will be entitled to compensations in accordance with the following terms:

**3.1	Standards of Compensation**

(1) Compensations will be made **in the form of LVB** coupon by Tencent Cloud, and you should follow the rules for using the coupon (including the valid term; for details, please refer to the rules of coupons published on Tencent Cloud’s official website). You cannot redeem such coupon for cash or request to issue an invoice for such coupon. Such coupon can only be used to purchase the Service by using your Tencent Cloud account. You cannot use the coupon to purchase other services of Tencent Cloud, nor should you give the coupon to a third party for consideration or for free.
(2) If the Service Availability in a Service Month fails to meet the standard, the amount of compensation will be calculated for such month independently, and **the aggregate amount shall be no more than the applicable Monthly Service Fee paid by you for such month** (the Monthly Service Fee referred herein shall exclude the portion deducted by a coupon or promotional voucher, due to discounted service fee or otherwise deducted). 

|Service Availability in a Service Month |Value of Compensation Coupon |
|--|--|
|≥ 95% and < 99.9% | 5% of the Monthly Service Fee |
|< 95%	| 10% of the Monthly Service Fee |

**3.2	Time Limit for Compensation Application**

(1) If the Service Availability in a Service Month fails to meet the abovementioned Service Availability standard, you may apply for compensation **through (and only through) the support ticket system under your relevant account ** after the fifth (5th) business day of the month immediately following such Service Month. Tencent Cloud will verify and ascertain your application upon receipt of such application. If there is any dispute over the calculation of the Service Availability for a Service Month, **both parties agree that the back-end record of Tencent Cloud will prevail.**

(2) **You should apply for such compensation no later than sixty (60) calendar days following the expiry of the applicable Service Month in which the Service Availability fails to meet the standard.** If you fail to make any application within such period, or make the application after such period, or make the application by any means other than that agreed herein, it shall be deemed that you have voluntarily waived your right to apply for such compensation and any other rights you may have against Tencent Cloud, in which case Tencent Cloud has the right to reject your application for compensation and not to make any compensation to you.

### 4.	Release of Liabilities

**If the Service is unavailable due to any of the following reasons, the corresponding Service downtime shall not be counted towards Service unavailability period, and is not eligible for compensation by Tencent Cloud, and Tencent Cloud will not be held liable to you:**

**4.1**	any error due to the block of a domain name due to any illegal or prohibited content of a client or otherwise.

**4.2**	any loss or leak of data, pin or password due to improper maintenance or improper confidentiality measures of a client.

**4.3**	any hacker attack on a client’s website.

**4.4**	any decline in the availability of the Service due to impromptu increase of traffic of a client without prior written notice to Tencent Cloud.

**4.5**	any system maintenance with prior notice by Tencent Cloud to a client, including system cutover, maintenance, upgrade and failure simulation test.

**4.6**	any failure or configuration adjustment of network or equipment that is not Tencent Cloud facility.

**4.7**	any force majeure event or accident.

**4.8**	any other reason not attributable to Tencent Cloud.

**4.9**	any Service unavailability or failure of the Service to meet the availability standard above not attributable to Tencent Cloud.

**4.10** any other circumstances in which Tencent Cloud will be exempted or released from its liabilities (for compensation or otherwise) according to relevant laws, regulations, agreements or rules, or any rules or guidelines published by Tencent Cloud separately.

### 5.	Miscellaneous

**5.1**	The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, for any losses incurred by you during the course of using the Service due to any breach by Tencent Cloud, the aggregate compensation amount payable by Tencent Cloud shall under no circumstance exceed the total service fees you have paid for the relevant Service which is not performed.

**5.2**	Tencent Cloud has the right to amend the terms of this Agreement as appropriate or necessary in light of changes in due course. You may review the most updated version of relevant Agreement terms on the official website of Tencent Cloud. If you disagree with such revisions made by Tencent Cloud to this Agreement, you have the right to cease using the Service; by continuing to use the Service, you shall be deemed to have accepted the Agreement as amended.

**5.3**	As an ancillary agreement to the Tencent Cloud Service Agreement, this Agreement is of the same legal effect as the Tencent Cloud Service Agreement. In respect of any matter not agreed herein, you shall comply with relevant terms under the Tencent Cloud Service Agreement. In case of any conflict or discrepancy between this Agreement and the Tencent Cloud Service Agreement, this Agreement prevails to the extent of such conflict or discrepancy. (End of Document)


