### I.	Effective Date

The Tencent Cloud Global Partners Administration Rules (2019) (the “Rules”) takes effect from January 1, 2019.

### II.	Cooperation with Tencent Cloud Global Partners

Basic requirements for application to join the global partner system of Tencent Cloud: 

-  an enterprise that complies with relevant national laws and regulations, and has competent operation qualifications; 
-  an enterprise that accepts the Tencent Cloud cooperation agreement and operates business in accordance with the binding provisions thereunder; 
-  an enterprise that accepts business supervision, market guidance and performance evaluation, etc. in accordance with relevant administration rules of Tencent Cloud partners system.

### III.	Partner Commission Policy

1.	Description of Commission: related to the income received by such partner from the sales of products available on Tencent Cloud’s international portal. Upon expiry of a then current settlement cycle, Tencent Cloud will calculate the commission for the preceding settlement cycle based on the performance of an overseas partner. 

2.	Definition of Partner Performance: the aggregate value of orders placed by a overseas partner and all its customers for purchasing cloud products available on Tencent Cloud’s international portal, excluding any order with discount offers. Cloud products available on Tencent Cloud’s international portal refer to all the products that can be directly purchased on Tencent Cloud’s official international website. 

3.	Calculation of Commission: 

Amount of commission = performance of a partner * 15%

### IV.	Payment of Commission 

1.	Upon receiving an email from Tencent Cloud for settlement, a partner shall mail the invoice with corresponding amount to an address designated by Tencent Cloud, details of which will be specified by Tencent Cloud in separate notices.

2.	Upon confirming the receipt of a legitimate and valid invoice, Tencent Cloud will pay the commission to a bank account designated by such partner. If there is any change of the partner’s information such as company name, bank name, bank account, etc., the partner shall notify Tencent in writing within fifteen (15) business days prior to the applicable payment due date as agreed in the contract; otherwise, the partner shall assume all risks and losses due to the partner’s failure to provide prompt notice or correct notice. 

### V. Administration Rules for Partner Evaluation 
1.	Partner Evaluation Description

Tencent Cloud will assess and evaluate a partner from certain aspects including without limitation the following:

(1)	market expansion of the partner

(2)	sales performance of the partner

(3)	implementation of channel agency policy by the partner

(4)	market conduct and customer service capability of the partner

2.	Measures for Failing to Meet the Evaluation Standards

(1)	When a partner fails to meet the standards of the evaluation, Tencent Cloud will determine whether to disqualify the partner based on the actual situation.

(2)	When a partner is disqualified or the cooperation agreement with a partner is terminated, such partner’s account will no longer benefit from relevant policies for channel partner, including without limitation any commission policies. 

### VI.	Information Administration Rules for Partners

Any personal information of a Tencent Cloud partner will be managed in accordance with the [Privacy Policy of Tencent Cloud](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/301/17345).

### VII.	Payment Obligation of Partners
1.	A partner of Tencent Cloud shall ensure that it and all its customers will make all the payments in a timely manner. If any of its customers fails to make any payment on time, the partner shall be jointly and severally liable therefor, and shall advance the relevant payment for such customer; otherwise, Tencent Cloud shall have the right to take actions in accordance with the Tencent Cloud Referral Agreement.

2.	A partner shall not refuse to make payments on the ground that the delay in payment is due to its customer.

3.	A partner shall advance the payment and then settle the liability issue with its customer through negotiation. 

### VIII.	Reserved Rights 
1.	Any and all grading data and commission calculation results shall subject to those provided by Tencent Cloud.

2.	Tencent Cloud reserves its right to interpret, amend and terminate the Rules to the extent permitted by law, and has the right to adjust the Rules or publish new rules based on market development and operation needs. The Rules shall become null and void upon release of new Rules. 

### IX.	Confidentiality 
1.	A partner shall keep confidential the terms of the Rules, Tencent Cloud’s business, finance, technology and product information, user information, and any other information or documents that are expressly marked as confidential obtained or received by the partner during the performance of the Tencent Cloud Referral Agreement (collectively “Confidential Information”). A partner shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any third party without prior written consent of Tencent Cloud. A partner may disclose Confidential Information to its employees on a need-to-know basis for the purpose of the Rules only; provided, however, that it shall instruct its employees to comply with the confidentiality obligations hereunder.

2.	The confidentiality obligations hereunder shall survive the expiry of the term, the cancellation or the termination of cooperation between a partner and Tencent Cloud.
