## Overview

Star Knowledge Graph (SKG) is an integrated platform that incorporates graph database and graph engine. In industries such as social networking, finance and the Internet of Things, hundreds of trillions of data entries can be generated by the correlations among high numbers of different entities, and the native support for thees data entries is represented in the form of graphs, thereby producing massive amounts of correlated graph data by the various relationships of different entities. SKG supports rapid retrieval, search and browsing of trillions of correlated graph data entries as well as mining of the knowledge hidden in the correlations.

SKG provides one-stop full-domain industry data aggregation to efficiently govern heterogeneous data and query and visualize normalized graph correlations. Its graph mining algorithms, machine learning models and rule set engines can quickly model the knowledge in specific fields and integrate with your own business models. Based on Tencent's outstanding capabilities to recognize cybercriminals in various social networking scenarios, it offers an all-around correlation mining solution in high-security fields to enable corporate business enhancement and inspire business model innovations. The development of the platform resulted in over 20 Chinese and international patents and dozens of top academic papers mainly covering the following fields:

- Queries for quasi-real-time response reachability, shortest path and distance.
- Processing of subgraph matching in graphs at high speed with query optimization technology.
- Graph analysis algorithms, including batch iterative processing algorithms such as graph embedding, graph clustering, community discovery and PageRank.

For more information on SKG, see [SKG Product Page >>](https://cloud.tencent.com/product/skg).



## Features

SKG has the following core features:

### Flexible Data Input Formats

SKG supports multiple input formats of structured and unstructured raw data to meet the needs of diverse data sources for different types of businesses.

### Complete graph query language support

SKG supports JDBC function calling for service provision and SQL-like structured query languages.

### Low Latency for Advanced Graph Query

SKG leverages more compact data storage and index lookup technologies to respond to graph query operations and advanced graph queries with low latency, while supporting second-level dynamic update and minute-level batch update for graph databases.

### A Wide Variety of Graph Query Functions

In addition to basic queries such as point/edge query by user-specific conditions, deep/wide graph broadcast traversal and strict subgraph matching, SKG can query graphs for reachability, shortest path and fuzzy subgraph matching sorted by relevance in quasi-real time using highly efficient graph indexing technology. Its query engine provides optimal graph query processing, which is faster than unoptimized query processing by orders of magnitude.

### A Diversity of Graph Computation Functions

SKG's graph computation covers a variety of graph correlation algorithms, including batch iterative processing algorithms such as graph clustering, community discovery and PageRank.

### Massive Scalable Graph Processing

Leveraging Tencent's experience in social network graph computation and analysis and accumulation of technical expertise, SKG supports graph computing and knowledge discovery of trillions of correlated relationships. At the presentation layer, it has proprietary graph analysis and presentation modules and supports access to open-source display components.

