## TENCENT CLOUD TERMS OF SERVICE

Welcome, and thank you for your interest in the online services collectively known as Tencent Cloud, along with any related websites, networks, applications, software and other services and related documentation provided by Tencent (collectively, the “**Services**”). These Terms of Service are a legally binding contract between you and Tencent regarding your use of the Services. For the purposes of these Terms of Service, “**Tencent**,” “**we**,” “**our**,” and “**us**” refer to the applicable Tencent contracting entity set forth in Section 3. “**Affiliate**” or “**Affiliates**” means any entity that directly or indirectly Controls, is Controlled by, or is directly or indirectly under common Control with a party, where “**Control**” means control of greater than fifty percent of the voting rights or equity interests of a party or by way of contract, management agreement, voting trust, or otherwise.

**PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS CAREFULLY.**

**BY CLICKING** “**I ACCEPT**,” **OR BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES**, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD, AND, AS A CONDITION TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY, THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS, INCLUDING the then-current additional terms applicable to the Services posted online [here](https://www.tencentcloud.com/document/product/301?lang=en), which includes the Data Processing and Security Agreement, Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright Policy, the PRC Service Region Terms, the North America Terms, the EEA Consumer Terms, the Germany Terms, the South Korea Terms, any Service-speciﬁc terms, the Service Level Agreement, and any other region-specific terms (collectively, “**Additional Terms**,” and together with these Terms of Service, the “**Terms**”). The Additional Terms do not include the Privacy Policy or the Cookies Policy (both of which are also available at [here](https://www.tencentcloud.com/document/product/301?lang=en)). Please see our Privacy Policy, Cookies Policy and Data Processing and Security Agreement for further information regarding our use of your Personal Data (as defined in the Data Processing and Security Agreement) submitted to or via the Services. If you are not eligible, or do not agree to the Terms, then you do not have Tencent’s permission to use the Services. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, AND TENCENT’S PROVISION OF THE SERVICES TO YOU, CONSTITUTES AN AGREEMENT BY TENCENT AND BY YOU TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.

**1.THE SERVICES AND APPLICATIONS.** 

The Services are further described [here](https://www.tencentcloud.com/document/product/301?lang=en) and include: (a) the documentation for the Services (as may be updated from time to time) in the form generally made available by Tencent to its customers for use with the Services; (b) the APIs, mobile applications, and Software provided by Tencent in connection with the Services; and (c) any additional services purchased by you. The Services may allow you to create applications using the Services or run applications on the Services, including any source code written by or on behalf of you to be used with the Services or otherwise hosted on Tencent Cloud (“**Applications**”).

**2.ELIGIBILITY** 

You must be at least 14 years old to use the Services. By agreeing to these Terms, you represent and warrant to us that: (a) you are at least 14 years old; (b) you have not previously been suspended or removed from the Services; and (c) your registration and your use of the Services is in compliance with any and all applicable laws and regulations. If you are an entity, organization, or company, the individual accepting these Terms on your behalf represents and warrants that they have authority to bind you to these Terms and you agree to be bound by these Terms.

**3.CONTRACTING ENTITY; GOVERNING LAW**

 (a)The country speciﬁed in your registered billing information determines: (i) the Tencent entity with which you are contracting under these Terms; and (ii) the governing law that applies to these Terms and your use of the Services, as set forth in the table below. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary under these Terms, you acknowledge and agree that Services may be provided by one of our Affiliates to the extent deemed appropriate by us, for example, where required to comply with applicable laws and regulations or in accordance with Tencent's internal structuring of its operations in applicable region. In particular, when the Services are provided in the PRC region, you acknowledge and agree that, in compliance with applicable PRC laws and regulations, the Services will be provided by Tencent Cloud Computing (Beijing) Co., Ltd.. “**PRC**” means the People’s Republic of China, and for the purpose of these Terms only, does not include the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region, and Taiwan.  

| **Your Location**                      | **Tencent Contracting Entity**                               | **Governing Law** |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------- |
| European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland | Tencent Cloud Europe B.V., a Dutch registered company located at  Buitenveldertselaan 1-5, 1082 VA, Amsterdam, the Netherlands | England and Wales |
| North America                                           | Tencent Cloud LLC, a Delaware registered company located at Claremont  2747 Park Blvd, Palo Alto, CA 94306. | California, USA   |
| South Korea                                             | Tencent Korea Yuhan Hoesa, a Korean registered company located at 152,  Taeheran-ro, Gangnam-gu (Gangnam Finance Center, Yeoksam-dong), Seoul, Korea | South Korea       |
| Rest of the world                                       | Aceville Pte Ltd, a Singapore registered company located at 30 Raﬄes  Place, #12-01, Oxley @ Raﬄes, Singapore 048622. | Singapore         |

 (b) The country speciﬁed in your registered billing information may cause additional or diﬀerent terms to apply, as follows. For example, if your use of the Services is subject to consumer protection regulations as determined under applicable laws, additional terms apply, as set forth in the EEA Consumer Terms, Germany Terms, South Korea Terms and other region specific terms. If the country speciﬁed in your registered billing information is in North America, you shall be subject to the North America Terms below. If you wish to use the Services in the PRC region, you shall be subject to the terms of the PRC Service Region Terms. In addition to the above, additional or diﬀerent terms may apply to your use based on applicable local laws.

**4. USE OF SERVICES**

 (a) <u>Accounts and Registration.</u> When you register for a Tencent Cloud account authorized to access the Services (“**Account**”), you may be required to provide us with some information, such as your name, postal address, email address, and/or other contact information. You agree that the information you provide to us is accurate and that you will keep it accurate and up-to-date at all times. Where the option is available, you may also register for an Account through a third party platform account. You agree that you shall additionally comply with any applicable terms and conditions of that third party platform. We may deny you the right to create an account. You are responsible for safeguarding any and all Account details and access credentials, and you shall be responsible for any use of the Account or Services and all activities that occur under your Account, regardless of whether the activities are authorized or undertaken by you, your employees or a third party (including your contractors, agents and/or End Users), and including in circumstances due to your failure to properly safeguard such Account details and access credentials. Except to the extent caused by our breach of these Terms, Tencent and its Affiliates are not responsible for any unauthorized access to your account. Any breach of these Terms or any use of your Account by anyone will be treated as if the breach or use had been carried out by you, and will not relieve you of your obligations to us. 

 (b) <u>License.</u> Any entities or individuals that access the Services under your Account or an Application are referred to in these Terms as “**End Users**”. You shall and shall ensure that your authorized End Users access and use the Services in accordance with these Terms during the Term (defined below in Section 9). Such Services shall be provided during the Term. You and your authorized End Users shall only access the Services via your Account and the use of any Services shall be subject to these Terms. If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your Account or the password for your Account, you will notify Tencent immediately. If you are an entity, organization, or company, you will ensure your employees and contractors access the Services through your Account. Tencent may provide downloadable tools, software development kits, sample code, APIs, or other computer software including those provided in connection with the Services or with the use of your Account (and any periodic updates thereto from time to time) (“**Software**”). You acknowledge that Tencent or its licensors own all rights, titles and interest in and to the Services and the Software. Subject to your and your authorized End Users’ compliance with these Terms, Tencent grants, or shall procure the grant, to you and your authorized End Users a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable and revocable license to use the Software in a manner not exceeding any applicable usage limitation or term, and within the designated territory for use or receipt of Services, and only in connection with the Services. To the extent that any Software comes with an end user license agreement, terms of service or other similar agreement governing the use of such Software, you agree that you will strictly comply with such agreement. Other than as specified in the foregoing, no other rights are granted to you under these Terms to use the Services (including any Software offered in connection therewith).

 (c) <u>Service Regions.</u> Certain Services allow you to select a geographically deﬁned service region in which User Data (as defined below) is stored in order to provide the Services (a "**Service Region**"). Where a Service Region applies, Tencent will, upon your request, store User Data in the Service Region you select when User Data is being used for the provision of those Services.

 (d) <u>Suspension of Services.</u> If you become aware or reasonably suspect that any Application (including an End User’s use of an Application) or User Data violates these Terms, you will immediately suspend the Application, remove the User Data, and suspend access by End Users. If you fail to take such action, Tencent may suspend or disable the Application and your Account until that violation is remediated to Tencent’s satisfaction. In the event that Tencent determines at its sole discretion that your or your End User’s use of the Services could: (i) disrupt the Services; (ii)disrupt use of the Services by a third party; (iii) disrupt the Tencent network or servers used to provide the Services; (iv) allow unauthorized third party access to the Services; or (v) otherwise pose a security risk or threat or result in any legal or regulatory liability to Tencent, then Tencent or its Aﬃliates may immediately and without prior notice to you, restrict or suspend your Account or the oﬀending Application or End User account, to the extent required to address such concern. You agree that you are responsible for all Fees incurred or payable during such period of restricted or suspended use.

 (e) <u>Service Modiﬁcation or Discontinuation.</u> Tencent may discontinue or make any changes to the Services (or any portion thereof) at any time without incurring liability to you. Tencent may choose to, without limitation, discontinue, limit, restrict, change or remove the Services, any Service component, or availability of the Services (or any portion or component thereof) in any specific Service Region, territory or permitted industry sector or field of business. If Tencent discontinues or makes any changes to the Services that would materially decrease the functionality of those Services, Tencent will use commercially reasonable eﬀorts to inform you of the change with reasonable advance notice before it goes into eﬀect, provided that you have subscribed to be informed about those changes. Tencent may make the change, and will not be obligated to provide notice, if the discontinuation or change is necessary to address an emergency or threat to the security or integrity of the Services or Tencent, comply with or respond to litigation, address Intellectual Property Rights concerns, or comply with the law or government requests. Tencent may provide periodic updates to the Software or Services from time to time (“**Updates**”). Tencent may also make new features or functionality available from time to time through the Services and add new services to the Services from time to time (by adding them at the URL set forth under that deﬁnition), the use of which may be contingent upon your agreement to additional requirements. 

 (f) <u>Security and Privacy.</u> Tencent’s security and privacy practices are available in the Additional Terms, the Privacy Policy and the Cookies Policy. You shall conﬁgure and use the Services in a way that meets your security requirements.

 (g) <u>Third Party Applications.</u> You are solely responsible for any software, tools or applications used by you in connection with your use of the Services ("**Third Party Software**"), including third party software made available or offered in connection with the Services. Tencent is not responsible for and is not liable for any damages or losses arising from the use of the Third Party Software, and Tencent does not endorse, support or guarantee the quality, reliability, or suitability of any Third Party Software. You agree that the use and making available of any Third Party Software is at your own risk. You shall comply with and ensure that your End Users comply with any terms and conditions applicable to Third Party Software. Tencent does not provide any technical support for any Third Party Software. 

 (h) <u>Access to Your Device.</u> In order for Tencent to provide the Services, Tencent may require access to and use of a device you own or control. For example, Tencent may need access to a device's processor and storage to complete a Software installation. Tencent may provide further information regarding how Tencent Cloud accesses the relevant device within Tencent Cloud. You agree to facilitate and/or give Tencent access to the device for these purposes, and you acknowledge that if you do not provide access, Tencent may not be able to provide you with the Services (or certain features within the Services). You acknowledge that Tencent may use or access Personal Data within the device in the course of providing Tencent Cloud, as set out further in the Privacy Policy. To the extent the Data Processing and Security Agreement applies to the use or access of that Personal Data, you agree that Tencent may use or access that Personal Data in accordance with the Data Processing and Security Agreement. 

 **5. FEES AND PAYMENTS**

 (a) You may, from time to time, be required to make payments to us as part of your use of the Services (“**Fees**”). Except as otherwise set forth in any region-specific or Service specific terms, all Fees are non-refundable and exclusive of any Taxes. You agree that you are solely responsible for payment of all Fees and Taxes associated with any such payments. All payments made by you shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any tax, set-off, withholding or counterclaim. To the extent that you are required by applicable law to make such a deduction or withholding of tax, you shall provide us with an oﬃcial tax receipt or other appropriate supporting documentation within 30 days after payment of the deduction or withholding tax and increase the amount paid to us to the extent necessary to ensure that we receive a sum equal to the amount we would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. “**Taxes**” means any duties, customs fees, or taxes (other than Tencent’s income tax) associated with the purchase of the Services, including any related penalties, interest or other additions thereto.  

 (b) At the time you create an Account or otherwise sign up for the Services, you may be asked to provide a credit card, and thereafter may be able to link alternative means of payment to your Account (each a “**Payment Method**”). You agree that (subject to applicable laws and regulations): (i) you authorize us to: (1) save your chosen Payment Method's information (e.g., credit card information) on our systems or that of our payment processor; and (2) periodically bill your chosen Payment Method for Services consumed during the prior month or pursuant to an alternative payment structure we agree to; and (ii) if any payment made via your chosen Payment Method is rejected, denied, not received by us or returned unpaid for any reason: (1) we may restrict, suspend or terminate your or your End User’s access to the Services (in each case in whole or in part) until your payment is properly processed; (2) charges will continue to be incurred and you are liable to us for any Fees, costs, expenses or other amounts we incur arising from such rejection, denial or return (and we may charge you for such amounts); and (3) we may charge late fees up to the maximum amount permissible under law. We will present you with an invoice on or about the second day of a given month for Services consumed during the prior month and will charge your Payment Method at the time we issue your invoice.

 (c) Your card issuer may charge you an online handling fee or processing fee in connection with your payment of Fees. We are not responsible for this fee.  

 (d) To the extent permitted under applicable laws, Tencent may increase or introduce new Fees and charges for any existing Services at any time after prior notice. Any new or changed charges will apply to the Services as of the date specified in the relevant notice, or if no such date is specified then with immediate effect. 

 (e) If you and Tencent agree to other payment terms or Payment Methods in writing (including email), then those alternative provisions shall apply in the event of a conﬂict with this Section.
 
 (f) You shall provide such assistance, including any information, as is required by Tencent in order to determine and validate the extent to which Tencent is legally obliged to collect Taxes from you.

 **6. TECHNICAL SUPPORT AND SERVICE LEVELS**

 (a) <u>SLAs</u>. Tencent will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide any related Services in accordance with the relevant and then-current service level agreement(s) (“**SLA**”), if any, set forth in the Additional Terms. The parties acknowledge and agree that, regardless of anything to the contrary in these Terms, your sole and exclusive remedy for a breach of an SLA is the receipt of any applicable service credits as set forth and pursuant to the applicable SLA.  

 (b) <u>Support for Services.</u> Except to the extent required by applicable laws with respect to consumers, Tencent is under no obligation to provide technical support or other services unless you have purchased support services. You acknowledge and agree that technical support or other services may require you to pay additional costs and other Fees.  

 (c) <u>Support for Applications.</u> You are responsible for the operation, integration and technical support of your Applications.

 **7. YOUR OBLIGATIONS**

 (a) <u>Compliance.</u> You are solely responsible for your Applications and User Data and for making sure your Applications and User Data comply with these Terms (including the Additional Terms) and that use of the same in connection with the Services complies with applicable laws. Tencent reserves the right to review all Applications to ensure your compliance with these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for all use of the Services by End Users, End Users’ access to Applications and User Data, activities under Accounts, and for otherwise ensuring that each End User complies with these Terms.

 (b) <u>Privacy.</u> You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the processing of any Personal Data in respect of End Users and any persons whose Personal Data is contained in the User Data, and shall protect the privacy of the End Users and such persons, and shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations in respect of the same (including by making such disclosures, and obtaining such consents, as are necessary to ensure the Personal Data of End Users or any persons whose Personal Data is contained in User Data may be processed by the Services). You shall be solely responsible for any access, monitoring, use, or disclosure of Personal Data submitted by End Users through the Services. To the extent any Personal Data is contained in any User Data, the parties agree that the processing of such Personal Data shall be undertaken in accordance with the Data Processing and Security Agreement. You agree that you shall not make available any User Data for processing in the Services unless lawfully permitted to do so.

 (c) <u>Restrictions.</u> You will not, and will not allow your Aﬃliates, employees, and contractors and any third parties under your control, management, supervision, or otherwise to: (i) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, decompile, translate, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to extract any or all of the source code of the Services (except to the extent such a restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law, and where you are permitted by law to so reverse engineer, you will contact Tencent to obtain the desired information prior to such reverse engineering); (ii) use the Services for the operation of nuclear facilities, air traﬃc control, or life support systems, where the use or failure of the Services could lead to death, personal injury, or environmental damage; (iii) use the Services as benchmarking or in any manner that is competitive with the Services; (iv) sublicense, resell, or distribute any or all of the Services separate from any integrated Application; or (v)access the Services in a manner intended to avoid incurring Fees or otherwise avoiding usage limitations. To the extent you choose a Service Region that includes the United States, you will not, and will not allow your Aﬃliates, employees, and contractors and any third parties under your control, management, supervision, or otherwise to: (i) process or store any User Data that is subject to the International Traﬃc in Arms Regulations maintained by the United States Department of State; and/or (ii) process or store any User Data that is subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 as it may be amended from time to time, or any regulations issued under it.

 **8. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND USER DATA**

 (a) <u>Tencent Cloud Intellectual Property Rights.</u> You agree that all Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Services, as between you and Tencent, will be owned by Tencent, or Tencent’s licensors, as the case may be. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms and to the extent permissible under applicable law, Tencent does not grant to you any licenses or other rights, implied or otherwise, in or to Tencent’s Intellectual Property Rights. “**Intellectual Property Rights**” means all current and future worldwide rights under patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark, or moral rights laws, and other similar rights.

 (b) <u>Tencent Confidential Information.</u> “**Tencent Conﬁdential Information**” means information that Tencent (or an Aﬃliate) discloses to you under these Terms, and that is marked as conﬁdential or should reasonably be considered conﬁdential based on the nature of the information and the circumstances of its disclosure. You will not disclose Tencent Conﬁdential Information except to those of your Aﬃliates, employees, and contractors who need to know the Tencent Conﬁdential Information for the purposes of exercising your rights and performing your obligations under these Terms, and who have agreed in writing to conﬁdentiality obligations that are at least as protective as these Terms. You will, and will take appropriate measures to, ensure that your Aﬃliates, employees, and contractors: (i)take at least reasonable care to protect the conﬁdentiality of the Tencent Conﬁdential Information; and (ii) do not use the Tencent Conﬁdential Information for any purpose other than to exercise your rights and perform your obligations under these Terms. However, you may also disclose Tencent Conﬁdential Information to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations, or government orders, provided that you use commercially reasonable eﬀorts, if legally permitted, to: (i) promptly notify Tencent of those disclosure requirements before disclosing the Tencent Conﬁdential Information; and (ii) provide to Tencent any information reasonably requested to assist Tencent in seeking a protective order or other conﬁdential treatment for that Tencent Conﬁdential Information. 

 (c) <u>Feedback.</u> If you provide Tencent or its Aﬃliates with any suggestions, ideas, comments, or other feedback about the Services (“**Feedback**”), Tencent and its Aﬃliates may use and otherwise exploit that Feedback without restriction and without obligation to you.

 (d) <u>User Data.</u>

​                 (i) “**User Data**” means any data, information, media or other content submitted by or on behalf of you or your End Users to the Services, including but not limited to any Personal Data, but excluding any data provided to Tencent or its Aﬃliates as part of your general Account.
​        
​                 (ii) You hereby grant to Tencent a non-exclusive, sublicensable license to access, copy, and use User Data to provide the Services, and/or otherwise use such User Data in accordance with these Terms.

​                 (iii) You acknowledge and agree that Tencent may disclose User Data to third parties with or without notice to you: (1) to comply with applicable laws or protect Tencent’s rights; or (2) to comply with court orders, a lawful government or law enforcement request, or other legal processes. Tencent may also block or remove User Data as required by applicable laws, in which case Tencent will make reasonable commercial eﬀorts to promptly notify you if legally permissible.

​                  (iv) You are solely responsible for maintaining and backing up User Data. You represent and warrant that: (1) you have all rights required to provide User Data to Tencent, for Tencent to use the User Data as provided for in these Terms, and for you to use in connection with your use of the Services; and (2) User Data, and your use of User Data through the Services does not violate any laws or rights of any person. You retain any Intellectual Property Rights you may have in User Data.

 **9. TERM AND TERMINATION; SUSPENSION**

 (a) <u>Term.</u> These Terms will commence when you accept these Terms or ﬁrst download, install, access, or use the Services and continue until terminated in accordance with this Section 9 (“**Term**”).

 (b) <u>Termination, Suspension and/or Modification by Tencent.</u> To the extent permitted under applicable laws, Tencent may, at its sole discretion, terminate these Terms, or suspend, modify, restrict or terminate your access to or use of the Services or any aspect of the Services, in whole or in part, or with respect to a Service Region or territory immediately upon written notice to you if:  

​                      (i) you violate any provisions of these Terms;

​                      (ii) you have not paid any Fees or other amounts owed by you to Tencent within 30 days after the applicable due date;

​                      (iii) Tencent reasonably believes that you or an End User have violated any applicable laws, or engaged in any fraudulent or deceptive activity, in connection with the use of the Services;

​                      (iv) you enter into liquidation, administrative receivership, bankruptcy or make any voluntary agreement with your creditors or are unable to pay your debts as they fall due; 

​                      (v)  Tencent is required to by applicable laws, court orders or requirements imposed by government bodies, or if Tencent otherwise determines that it is reasonable to do so in order to ensure that Tencent does not violate or risk violation of the same; or

​                      (vi)  any current or future regulatory or other requirement (1) subjects Tencent to an obligation not generally applicable to businesses operating in a Service Region; (2) would result in difficulty for Tencent to continue offering the affected Service(s); or (3) Tencent reasonably believes may conflict with these Terms or the Services. 

 (c) <u>Termination by you.</u> You may terminate your Account and these Terms at any time by following the instructions provided within the Services. Except as set forth in any region-specific terms or Service-specific terms, if you terminate your Account and these Terms, you are not entitled to a refund of any Fees paid to Tencent.

 (d) <u>No Liability for Termination.</u> Except as expressly required by law, if either party terminates these Terms in accordance with the foregoing, neither party will be liable to the other because of the termination, for expenditures or commitments made in connection with these Terms or damages caused by the loss of prospective proﬁts or anticipated sales. Termination will not, however, relieve either party of obligations incurred prior to the eﬀective date of the termination.

 (e) <u>Effects of Suspension.</u> If Tencent restricts or suspends your access to any or all of the Services, or otherwise modifies the Services under these Terms: (i) where Services are suspended, you remain responsible for all Fees accrued through the date of suspension (including where the charges were incurred before suspension date but performance of the relevant obligations were after the suspension date); (ii) you remain responsible for any applicable charges for any part of the Services (including any modified portions thereto) to which you have access; and (iii) you will not be entitled to any service credits under any applicable SLA for any period of suspension, modification or restriction.

 (f) <u>Effects of Termination.</u>

​                      (i) Upon termination or expiration of these Terms: (1) you will pay Tencent any Fees or other amounts owed under these Terms within 30 days of termination or expiration; (2) you will delete the Software and remove from the Services any Application and User Data; (3) your rights under these Terms shall immediately cease; and (4) upon Tencent’s request, you will use commercially reasonable eﬀorts to return or destroy all Tencent Conﬁdential Information. Tencent has no obligation to make accessible to you any User Data after the termination of these Terms.

​                      (ii)  In addition, the following provisions will survive any termination of these Terms: Sections 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 9(d), (e), (f), 10, 11, 12 and 13.

 **10. DISCLAIMER**

 <u>Disclaimer of Warranties.</u> TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, THE SERVICE AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, AND NEITHER TENCENT NOR ANY OF ITS LICENSORS OR AFFILIATES, PROVIDERS OR DISTRIBUTORS, MAKE, AND TENCENT HEREBY DISCLAIMS ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND SUCH PERSONS, ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, REGARDING TENCENT CLOUD, ANY OTHER SOFTWARE OR SERVICES, OR ANY MEDIA OR OTHER CONTENT SUBMITTED, UPLOADED, STORED, TRANSMITTED OR DISPLAYED BY OR THROUGH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR UNDERTAKING:

​                      (a) THAT THE SERVICES OR SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE OR FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS;

​                      (b) ARISING OUT OF ANY COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE; 

​                      (c) THAT USER DATA WILL NOT BE SUBJECT TO LOSS OR DAMAGE;

​                      (d) OF NON-INFRINGEMENT;

​                      (e) THAT THE SERVICES OR SOFTWARE WILL BE SECURE OR COMPATIBLE WITH YOUR OR YOUR END USERS’ NETWORKS, SYSTEMS, APPLICATIONS, HARDWARE, OR DEVICES; OR 

​                      (f) THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE OF MERCHANTABLE OR SATISFACTORY QUALITY OR FIT FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE SERVICES ARE NOT DESIGNED OR INTENDED FOR HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES.

 **11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION**

 (a) <u>Cap on Liability.</u> EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO FEES PAYABLE BY YOU, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, THE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF TENCENT AND ITS AFFILIATES, ON THE ONE HAND, AND YOU ON THE OTHER, FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS, THE SERVICES, AND THE SOFTWARE, UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY, AND EVEN IF A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE, WILL BE LIMITED TO THE TOTAL FEES THAT YOU HAVE PAID TO TENCENT UNDER THESE TERMS IN THE 12 MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE THAT EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY FIRST OCCURRED, PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 11(a) LIMITS ANY PAYMENT OBLIGATION UNDER THESE TERMS.   

 (b) <u>Disclaimer of Damages.</u> EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO FEES PAYABLE BY YOU, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, NEITHER TENCENT, NOR ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS WILL BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF YOU HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THOSE DAMAGES, FOR: (i) INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES; (ii) UNAVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES (EXCEPT AS PROVIDED UNDER SECTION 6(a)); (iii) CUSTOMER APPLICATIONS OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS; OR (iv) LOSS OF DATA, LOST PROFIT, GOODWILL, REVENUE, CUSTOMERS OR OPPORTUNITIES; IN EACH CASE, RELATING TO THE SERVICES AND THESE TERMS.

 (c) <u>Disclaimer of Certain Liabilities.</u> Without limiting Section 11(a) or 11(b), if the Services are interrupted for any of the reasons set forth below, Tencent disclaims liability for any loss or damage to the extent caused by the following:

​                      (i) causes attributable to infrastructure operators, including but not limited to technical adjustments made by telecommunications operators, damage to telecommunications/power lines, installation, modiﬁcation or maintenance of telecommunications networks/power resources by telecommunications/power operators; 

​                      (ii) your use of the Services in a manner not authorized by Tencent; 

​                      (iii) improper operation by you or failures in your computer software, systems, hardware, or telecommunications lines; or

​                      (iv) any other circumstances not attributable to the fault of, outside the control of, or not reasonably foreseeable by, Tencent.

 (d) <u>Tencent Indemnification.</u>

​                      (i) Tencent will defend or, at its option, settle any third party claim, allegation, suit or proceeding (“**Claim**”) brought against you alleging that the use of the Services by you or your End Users in accordance with these Terms infringes a third party patent or copyright. Tencent will have sole control of the defense or settlement negotiations, and Tencent agrees to pay, subject to the limitations set forth in these Terms, any ﬁnal judgment entered against you and any amounts agreed to in settlement by Tencent as a result of such infringement in any Claim defended by Tencent; provided that you provide Tencent with: (1) prompt written notice of the Claim; (2) sole control over the defense and settlement of the Claim; and (3) all reasonably requested information and assistance, at Tencent’s expense, to settle or defend the Claim.

​                       (ii) In the event that any Claim is brought or, in Tencent’s opinion, likely to be brought, Tencent may, at its sole option and expense: (1) procure for you the right to continue to use the applicable Services; (2) modify the Services, or replace the Services with non-infringing software or services that do not materially impair the functionality of the Services; or (3) if neither of the foregoing is feasible on commercially reasonable terms, terminate these Terms and refund on a pro-rata basis any Fees pre-paid by you to Tencent for the applicable Services.

​                      (iii) Tencent will have no obligation to you under this Section 11(d) to the extent a Claim arises from: (1) your breach of these Terms; (2) User Data; (3) use of the Software or Services in combination with any products, services, data, software, hardware or business processes not provided by Tencent, if the alleged infringement is based on that combination; (4) use of non-current or unsupported versions of the Services or Software; (5) modiﬁcations to the Software or Services by anyone other than Tencent or its Aﬃliates; or (6) liability arising from your or any End User’s use of the Services after Tencent has notiﬁed you to discontinue such use.

​                      (iv) THIS SECTION 11 STATES THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF TENCENT, AND YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM OF INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES.

 (e) <u>Your Indemnification.</u> You will defend or, at your option, settle any Claims brought against Tencent, its Aﬃliates, and each of their respective licensors, employees, oﬃcers and directors, to the extent they are based upon or arise in relation to: (i) any Claim that any Application or User Data infringes or misappropriates the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; (ii) your or your End Users’ breach of applicable laws or regulations;(iii) use of the Services or Software by you or your End Users in a way that causes Tencent or its Affiliates to breach applicable laws or regulations ;(iv) any Claim that your or your End Users’ use of the Services violates the Data Protection Laws (as defined in the Data Processing and Security Agreement); (v) the use of any products, services, data, software, hardware or business processes not provided by or on behalf of Tencent or its Affiliates; (vi) your or your End Users’ use of the Services in a way that would be a violation of the these Terms; or (vii) a dispute between you and an End User; provided that Tencent or its Aﬃliates may participate in the defense and settlement negotiations using counsel of their choice, at Tencent’s or its Aﬃliates’ expense, and any settlement requiring Tencent or its Aﬃliates or their employees or agents to admit liability, pay money, or take or refrain from taking any action will require Tencent’s or the Aﬃliate’s prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld). You agree to pay any ﬁnal judgment entered against Tencent or its Aﬃliates or their employees or agents, and any amounts you agree to in a settlement, as a result of those Claims. Tencent will provide you with: (i) prompt written notice of any Claims; and (ii) any reasonable available information and assistance, at your expense, to settle or defend the Claim.

 (f) <u>Independent Allocations of Risk. </u>EACH PROVISION OF THESE TERMS THAT PROVIDES FOR A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, OR EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES IS INTENDED TO ALLOCATE THE RISKS OF THESE TERMS BETWEEN YOU AND TENCENT. THIS ALLOCATION IS REFLECTED IN THE FEES CHARGED BY TENCENT TO YOU AND IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YOU AND TENCENT. EACH OF THESE PROVISIONS IS SEVERABLE AND INDEPENDENT OF ALL OTHER PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS, AND EACH OF THESE PROVISIONS WILL APPLY EVEN IF THE LIMITED REMEDIES IN THESE TERMS HAVE FAILED OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.



 **12. TRADE COMPLIANCE**

(a) <u>Your Status.</u> You represent and warrant that neither you, nor any of your oﬃcers, directors, shareholders, agents or employees, are:

​                      (i) listed in any list of designated persons maintained by the United States (including, without limitation, the list of “Specially Designated Nationals” as maintained by the Oﬃce of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department, the United Nations Security Council, the United Kingdom (including the Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets as maintained by His Majesty’s Treasury), the European Union and any Member State thereof (including the Consolidated List of Persons, Groups and Entities Subject to Financial Sanctions), or any other list of restricted persons maintained by any authority with jurisdiction over you (any person so listed being a “**Restricted Person**”);

​                      (ii) organized under the laws of, operating from or located or resident in a country or territory that is the target of comprehensive sanctions (as of the date of last update of these Terms, Iran, Cuba, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea/Sevastopol region and the so-called Donetsk and Luhansk People’s Republics (collectively, “**Sanctioned Territories**”)); or

​                      (iii) controlled or owned 50 percent or more (directly or indirectly) in the aggregate, by one or more Restricted Persons.

 (b) <u>Sanctions Event.</u> If you become a Restricted Person or controlled or owned by 50% or more (directly or indirectly) in the aggregate, by one or more Restricted Person; if provision of the Services becomes otherwise restricted or prohibited as a consequence of the imposition of sanctions or by operation of Trade Laws (as defined below); or if Tencent reasonably believes that you are in violation of Trade Laws or are engaging in activities that would risk placing Tencent in breach of any Trade Laws (a “**Sanctions Event**”), Tencent shall not be obliged to perform any of its obligations under these Terms or continue to provide the Services and shall be entitled, in its sole discretion, to terminate these Terms and the provision of the Services with immediate eﬀect. Tencent is also entitled to take any other remedial actions at the discretion of Tencent. 

 (c) <u>Trade Compliance.</u> In connection with your use of the Services, you will comply with all applicable export controls and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United Nations, PRC, United States, European Union including its member states and other applicable government authorities including without limitation the U.S Export Administration Regulations (“**EAR**”) and the economic sanctions rules and regulations implemented under statutory authority and/or the U.S. President’s Executive Orders and administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (collectively, **“Trade Laws”**). You agree not to engage in any activities in connection with the use of the Services that would violate Trade Laws or that would risk placing Tencent in breach of any Trade Laws and you are solely responsible for compliance with Trade Laws related to the manner in which you choose to use. 

 **13. GENERAL**

 (a) <u>Independent Contractors.</u> The relationship of the parties established by these Terms is that of independent contractors, and nothing contained in these Terms should be construed to give either party the power to: (i) act as an agent; or (ii) direct or control the day-to-day activities of the other. Financial and other obligations associated with each party’s business are the sole responsibility of that party and neither party has authority to bind the other party. 

 (b) <u>Non-Assignability and Binding Eﬀect.</u> Neither party may assign or otherwise transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, its rights or obligations under these Terms without the prior written consent of the other party, except that Tencent may freely assign or otherwise transfer these Terms without your consent: (i) in connection with a merger, acquisition or sale of all or substantially all of Tencent’s assets; or (ii) to any Aﬃliate or as part of a corporate reorganization. Upon such assignment or transfer taking effect, the successor or permitted assigns (as the case may be) shall assume assignor/transferor’s liability and assignor/transferor is released from the same. Any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of the foregoing restriction will be void. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will be binding upon and inure to the beneﬁt of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.

 (c) <u>Consent to Electronic Communications.</u> By using the Services, you consent to receiving certain electronic communications from us as further described in our Privacy Policy. Please read our Privacy Policy to learn more about our electronic communications practices. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically, whether by e-mail, through the Services platform, or otherwise, will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that those communications be in writing.

 (d) <u> Force Majeure.</u> If the performance of these Terms is prevented, delayed, hindered or restricted, or Tencent breaches these Terms due to an event of force majeure, including but not limited to: (i) natural disasters; (ii) acts of government; (iii)  promulgation or change of laws, regulations or policies (including sanctions, restrictive measures or regulations); (iv) strikes or unrest; or (v) any other significant change of circumstances (including changes in applicable laws which would render provision of Services potentially illegal or different from that contemplated by the parties at time of the acceptance of these Terms or ﬁrst download, install, access, or use the Services), foreseeable or otherwise, in no case shall Tencent be liable for the breach of these Terms, or be otherwise liable for any such failure or delay in the performance of such obligations. If any of the abovementioned events persists for more than 15 calendar days, Tencent may terminate these Terms, without assuming any liability, by immediate written notice to you.
 
 (e) <u>Governing Law and Dispute Resolution.</u> Except as provided in the North America Terms, EEA Consumer Terms, PRC Service Region Terms, Germany Terms, South Korea Terms or other region-specific or Service-specific terms, any claims for equitable relief may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction even if the parties have chosen an exclusive venue below. These Terms are governed by the jurisdiction set forth in Section 3. Unless the North America Terms, EEA Consumer Terms, PRC Service Region Terms, Germany Terms South Korea Terms or other region-specific or Service-specific terms specify otherwise, all claims arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services, will be resolved by arbitration administered by the Singapore International Arbitration Centre in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre in force when the notice of arbitration is submitted. The seat of the arbitration will be Singapore and the language will be English. All proceedings will be conﬁdential and there will be one arbitrator only.

 (f) <u>Waiver and Severability.</u> The waiver by either party of any breach of these Terms does not waive any other breach. Neither party will be treated as having waived any rights by not exercising (or delaying the exercise of) any rights under these Terms. If any part of these Terms is unenforceable, the remaining portions of these Terms will remain in full force and eﬀect.

 (g) <u>No Third-Party Beneﬁciaries.</u> These Terms are not intended to confer any beneﬁts on any third party except to the extent that it expressly states that it does. End Users are not third party beneﬁciaries to these Terms.

 (h) <u>Entire Agreement.</u> These Terms and the Additional Terms are the ﬁnal and complete expression of all agreements between you and Tencent regarding their subject matter and supersede all prior oral and written agreements regarding these matters. The Additional Terms referred to in these Terms are incorporated by this reference. In the event of any conﬂict between the Terms and the Additional Terms, the inconsistency shall be resolved by giving preference to the following in the order that they are listed: (i) the Data Processing and Security Agreement (which shall govern with respect to processing of Personal Data as applicable to the relevant Services); (ii) these Terms; and (iii) the Additional Terms, provided, however, that the terms and conditions of the PRC Service Region Terms, the North America Terms, the EEA Consumer Terms, Germany Terms, South Korea Terms or other region-specific terms will govern with respect to the Services, if applicable. Tencent shall not be bound by any term which is different from, modifies or otherwise in addition to the terms of these Terms, unless modified in accordance with these Terms, or otherwise agreed in writing. Where applicable, if you enter into a separate service agreement with Tencent in respect of the Services, and where expressly provided by that service agreement, the terms of the service agreement shall prevail to the extent that there is any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of that service agreement and these Terms. Without limiting the foregoing, the parties agree that any terms and conditions in any customer-issued purchasing forms, request for proposal, vendor questionnaire or similar shall not apply and Tencent disclaims the same.   

 (i) <u>Modiﬁcation of these Terms, the Privacy Policy and the Cookies Policy.</u> Tencent may amend these Terms, including the Additional Terms, from time to time by posting updated versions to the Tencent Cloud site. Unless specifically provided in these Terms or the Additional Terms, or otherwise indicated by Tencent, the amended terms will take effect within 15 calendar days after they are posted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any changes relating to Tencent’s Services or product functionalities shall take effect immediately. Tencent will use reasonable eﬀorts to notify you of the changes, but you are responsible for periodically checking these Terms, including the Additional Terms, for any modiﬁcations. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of any amended Terms. Amended terms are not applicable retroactively.
 
 (j) <u>Language.</u> All communications and notices in relation to these Terms shall be made or given in either English or Chinese. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any translations of these Terms are made, the English version shall prevail.
 
 (k) <u>Publicity.</u> You agree that Tencent may refer to you as a customer of Tencent and use your name and logo in Tencent’s marketing materials and websites. Except as otherwise permitted by law, you shall not issue any press release or make any other public communication with respect to these Terms, or the fact that Tencent is providing Services for you. You shall not use Tencent’s trademarks, service marks, service or trade names, logos (“**Tencent Marks**”); or identify Tencent as a supplier of the Services without prior written consent of Tencent. Notwithstanding the permission granted, unless otherwise agreed by Tencent in writing, your limited permission to identify Tencent for such purposes and for the use of Tencent’s Marks shall terminate as soon as these Terms expire or are terminated, whichever is sooner. Your use of the Tencent Marks shall be subject to any terms, conditions, or guidelines that Tencent may issue from time to time.
 
 (l) <u>Notice.</u> Any notice required or permitted to be given under these Terms will be effective if it is in writing and sent by certified or registered mail, or insured courier, return receipt requested, to the appropriate party at the address set forth above (in the case of Tencent) and the registered billing address or any other address registered with us (in your case) and with the appropriate postage affixed. Either party may change its address for receipt of notice by notice to the other party in accordance with this Section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any notices, communications, or disclosures sent electronically by Tencent through email, the platform for the Services or otherwise, shall be deemed a valid and binding notice required or permitted to be given under these Terms.

## Short Message Service Terms of Service

To the extent you wish to receive Short Message Service, such Short Message Service shall be subject to these Short Message Service Terms of Service and the [Tencent Cloud Terms of Service](https://www.tencentcloud.com/document/product/301/9248). 

Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Tencent Cloud Terms of Service.

**PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS CAREFULLY.**

**BY CLICKING “I ACCEPT,” OR BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING OR USING THE SHORT MESSAGE SERVICE**, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED TO BE BOUND BY THE FOLLOWING TERMS.

1.You shall:

(a) obtain and maintain throughout the Term relevant licences, approvals, permits and certificates and complete all relevant registrations and filings required in connection with your and/or your End User’s use of the Short Message Service;

(b) utilize the Short Message Service only in compliance with laws regulating marketing, solicitation, business practices, or telecommunications or electronic communications (“**Telemarketing Laws**”) such as the United States Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 (“**TCPA**”), including as applicable to the use of automatic dialing systems and transmission of SMS text messages; 

(c) comply, and cause your End Users to comply, with all applicable laws, regulations, industry codes and practices; and

(d) comply, and cause your End Users to comply, with Tencent’s policies, instructions and guidelines in respect of the use of the Short Message Service.

2.You shall not transmit or disseminate, or permit that your End Users transmit or disseminate, any SMS messages or content that is obscene, vulgar, menacing, defamatory, abusive, false, inaccurate, misleading, unlawful, invasive of any person’s privacy, hateful, harassing, harmful, or otherwise offensive, inappropriate or violates any rights. 

3.You shall not send, or permit your End Users to send any commercial or marketing SMS messages without the recipient’s explicit consent. Tencent will, in accordance with the Data Processing and Security Agreement, notify you, upon becoming aware, of any instruction received from you in relation to Personal Data processed on your behalf, which in the discretion of Tencent may breach any applicable laws, including any Data Protection Laws. Tencent shall have the right to suspend processing, including the right to stop or refuse delivery or receipt of any commercial or marketing SMS messages, under these circumstances.

4.You acknowledge that:

(a) you are solely responsible for any messages transmitted or disseminated through the Short Message Service by you or your End Users; 

(b) Tencent does not have any obligation to review, edit or amend any SMS messages or content before it is transmitted or disseminated through the Short Message Service; and

(c)  you are solely responsible for compliance with Telemarketing Laws such as the TCPA including, but not limited to, responsibility for obtaining and maintaining such prior consent(s) as may be necessary for the sending of SMS messages in the United States or elsewhere as applicable. Without regard to any caps on liability in the Tencent Cloud Terms of Service, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Tencent for any claimed or actual violations of Telemarketing Laws such as the TCPA. 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tencent may, in its discretion, audit any SMS messages transmitted through the Short Message Service by you or your End Users and Tencent may edit, remove or refuse any SMS message or content that, in its discretion, violates these Short Message Service Terms of Service, the Tencent Cloud Terms of Service or applicable laws, regulations, industry codes and practices.
