COS is billed at pay-as-you-go rates by default for [all regions](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/436/6224). Users are charged according to their actual storage usage, requests, traffic, and other billable items on a daily or monthly basis.


## Pricing

COS is billed on demand. For detailed pricing, please see [Product Pricing](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/pricing/cos).

## Billing Items

The billable items of COS and their calculation formulas are as follows:
<table>
   <tr>
      <th>Billable Item</th>
      <th>Description</th>
      <th>Calculation Formula</th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td nowrap="nowrap">Storage usage</td>
      <td>Calculated based on the storage used at a unit price that varies by storage class</td>
      <td nowrap="nowrap"><li>Storage usage fees = Unit price x Monthly storage usage<br><li>Monthly storage usage = Sum of "daily storage usage" in the month/Number of days in the month<br><li>Daily storage usage = Sum of "5-minute usage"/288 (number of statistical points) </td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Requests</td>
      <td>Calculated based on the number of requests at a unit price that varies by storage class</td>
      <td nowrap="nowrap">Request fees = Unit price per 10,000 requests x Monthly accumulated number of requests/10,000</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Data retrievals</td>
      <td>Calculated based on the volume of data retrieved at a unit price that varies by storage class. This billable item applies when data in STANDARD_IA and ARCHIVE storage classes is downloaded</td>
      <td nowrap="nowrap">Data retrieval fees = Unit price per GB x Monthly amount of data retrieved </td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Traffic</td>
      <td>Calculated based on the public network downstream traffic, CDN origin-pull traffic, cross-region replication traffic, and global acceleration traffic at a unit price that varies by traffic type</td>
      <td nowrap="nowrap">Traffic fees = Unit price per GB x Daily accumulated traffic</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td rowspan=4>Management feature fees</td>
      <td rowspan=4>Fees generated by management features that you enabled and used, including inventory, extraction, batch operation, and object tagging
      <td nowrap="nowrap">Inventory fees = Number of objects listed/One million x Unit price</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td nowrap="nowrap">COS extraction fees = Unit price per GB x Daily accumulated extraction traffic</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
			<td nowrap="nowrap">Batch operation fees include job fees and object operation fees.<br><li>Job fees = Number of jobs created x Unit price<br><li>Object operation fees = Number of objects operations/10,000 x Unit price</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
			<td nowrap="nowrap">Object tagging fees = Number of tags/10,000 x Unit price</td>
   </tr>
</table>


> ?For more information about billable items and the billing restrictions, please see [Billable Items](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/436/33776).


## Billing Cycle

COS is billed on a daily or monthly basis. Different billable items might have different billing cycles as follows:

| Billable Item  | Billing Cycle | Description        |
| ------------ | -------- | -------------------------------------- |
| Storage usage | Monthly | Fees incurred last month will be settled on the 1st day of the month     |
| Requests | Monthly | Fees incurred last month will be settled on the 1st day of the month   |
| Data retrievals | Monthly | Fees incurred last month will be settled on the 1st day of the month        |
| Traffic | Daily | Fees incurred yesterday (00:00−23:59:59) will be settled every day |
| Management features | Daily | Fees incurred yesterday (00:00−23:59:59) will be settled every day |

>?
> The bill in the system might have a certain delay. The daily or monthly bill will be generated at around 08:00.


## Examples

John Smith uploaded 100 GB of objects in the STANDARD storage class on March 1, 2019, and downloaded 10 GB of data over a public network on March 15. Apart from these operations, John did not perform any other operations in March. The following fees were incurred in March:

- STANDARD storage usage fees: The total storage used in the month was 100 GB.
- Traffic fees: The total public network downstream traffic generated in the month was 10 GB.
- Request fees: The number of uploading and downloading requests in the month.

