### What specific functions does GME offer?
GME supports voice chat, offline voice messaging, speech-to-text, and voice analysis.


### What gaming scenarios is GME applicable to?
Esports, commander games, casual games, Werewolf, and much more.


### What game engines and platforms does GME support?
Game engines: Unity, Unreal, Cocos2d. Platforms: Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, and HTML5.


### How do I get started with GME?
In order to help you effectively use GME, the [Integration Guide](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/607/10782) can guide you through how to initially integrate with GME.

### Does the .so library on Android support x86_64?
No.

### Does the .so library on Android support ARMv8?
Yes, on version 2.3.5 or higher.

### How do I configure code obfuscation when integrating with the SDK?
See [Project Configuration for Android](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/607/10783).

### How do I ensure the security of authentication?
Generally, it is recommended to use the client deployment scheme in the initial stage, which can be optimized to be deployed in the gaming app's backend.

| Scheme | Advantages | Disadvantages |
| ---------- | -------- | ---------------- |
| Backend deployment | High security | Backend development and joint testing required |
| Client deployment | Fast integration | Low security |


### How long is the validity of the authentication generated by the client?
It is permanently valid.

### In the process of integrating with voice chat and voice messaging, an error code prompts that authentication failed. How do I fix it?
First, check whether the voice messaging service is enabled in the console, and if yes, verify the following:
- SDKAppID matches that in the console.
- OpenID must be greater than 10000.
- `null` must be entered for the parameter for offline audio room number.
- The key from the Tencent Cloud Console is correct.

### Can GME on Android and GME on iOS be interconnected?
Yes, they can be interconnected by entering the same room using the same SDKAppid.


### Does GME support Bluetooth switching on mobile phones? After a Bluetooth device is connected, can the voice be played back automatically by the Bluetooth device?
The switching of sound playback is at the OS level. GME supports playback by Bluetooth devices.

### What should I watch out for when hot updating GME?
When hot updating the GME SDK, you need to hot update all the modules that rely on the SDK. If the components you want to hot update are your own gaming logics, then they have nothing to do with GME. If you want to hot update the SDK, you need to add all the code related to the SDK to the hot update in the planning stage.

### How do I create a room in the GME SDK for karaoke in mic sequence mode?
GME's HD sound quality can meet the needs of karaoke, however, mic sequence is something that should be implemented in your own product's application layer through a delivery protocol, for example.
