## Scenario

This topic guides you through how to create a Tencent Cloud Virtual Machine (CVM) instance. The custom configuration mode is used as an example.

## Prerequisites

Before creating a CVM instance, you need to complete the following steps:
- [Sign Up for Tencent Cloud](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/378/17985), and complete [Identity Verification](http://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/378/3629).
- To create a CVM instance whose network type is virtual private cloud (VPC), you need to [Create a VPC](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/215/8113) in the target region, and [Create a Subnet](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/215/8114) in the target availability zone in the VPC.
- If you don’t want to use the default project, please create a new project.
- If you don’t want to use the default security group, you need to [Create a Security Group](http://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/18197) in the target region and add a security group rule that meets your service requirements.
- To bind an SSH key pair during creating a Linux instance, you need to [Create an SSH Key](http://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/16691) for the target project.
- To create a CVM instance with a custom image, you need to [Create a Custom Image](http://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/4942) or [Import an Image](http://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/4945).

## Steps

1. Log in to [Tencent Cloud](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com). Choose **Products** > **Compute** > **[Cloud Virtual Machine](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/product/cvm)**. Click **Contact Sales** to open the CVM purchase page.
 - **[Quick Configuration](https://buy.cloud.tencent.com/cvm?tab=lite):** This mode is applicable to general scenarios. It helps users quickly purchase a CVM instance that meets general requirements.
 - **[Custom Configuration](https://buy.cloud.tencent.com/cvm?tab=custom):** This mode is applicable to specific scenarios. It allows users to purchase a CVM instance that meets their specific requirements.
2. Configure the following information as prompted by the page:
<table>
<tr><th style="width: 20%">Configuration</th><th style="width: 12%">Required</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td>Billing mode</td><td>Yes</td><td>Select a value as required:<ul><li><b>Pay as you go</b>: An elastic billing mode for the CVM. It is applicable to scenarios such as sudden high sales volumes on e-commerce platforms where the number of required CVMs fluctuates dramatically. The unit price in this mode is three or four times more expensive than that in the monthly subscription mode.</li></ul>For more information about billing modes, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/2180">Billing Modes</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Region/Availability zone</td><td>Yes</td><td><ul><li><b>Region</b>: The region closest to your customer is recommended, which reduces the access latency and increases the access speed.</li><li><b>Availability zone</b>: Select a value as required.</br>If you want to purchase multiple CVMs, we recommend that you select different availability zones to implement disaster recovery.</li></ul>For more information about options for regions and availability zones, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/6091">Regions and Availability Zones</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Network</td><td>Yes</td><td>Logically isolated space that is built in Tencent Cloud. A VPC includes at least one subnet. The system provides a default VPC and subnet for each region.</br>
If the existing VPC or subnet does not meet your requirements, you can create a VPC or subnet in the VPC console.</br><b>Note</b>:<ul><li>Resources in the same VPC can be shared within the private network.</li><li>When purchasing the CVM, ensure that the CVM and the subnet where the CVM is created have the same availability zones.</li></ul></td></tr>
<tr><td>Instance</td><td>Yes</td><td>Tencent Cloud provides different types of instances for different underlying hardware. To achieve optimal performance, new-generation instances are recommended.</br>
For more information about instances, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/11518">Instance Specifications</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Image</td><td>Yes</td><td>Tencent Cloud provides public images, custom images, shared images, and marketplaces. For more information about images, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/4941">Image Types</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td><a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/362/31636">System disk</a></td><td>Yes</td><td>Used to install the operating system. By default, its capacity is 50 GB.</br>Available cloud disk types vary with regions. Select a value as prompted by the page.</br>For more information about cloud disks, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/362/31636">Cloud Disk Types</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td><a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/362/31636">Data disk</a></td><td>No</td><td>Used to scale up the storage capacity of the CVM to ensure high efficiency and reliability. Cloud data disks are not added by default.</br>For more information about cloud disks, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/362/31636">Cloud Disk Types</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Public network bandwidth</td><td>Yes</td><td>A free independent public IP address is allocated by default.</br>Tencent Cloud provides two network billing modes. Set a value greater than 0 Mbit/s as required.<ul><li><b>Bill-by-bandwidth</b>: Select a fixed bandwidth. Packet loss occurs when this bandwidth is exceeded. This mode is applicable to scenarios where network connection fluctuation is slight.</li><li><b>Bill-by-traffic</b>: Billing is based on the traffic that is actually used. You can specify a peak bandwidth to prevent from being charged for unexpected traffic. Packet loss occurs when the instantaneous bandwidth exceeds this value. This mode is applicable to scenarios where network connection fluctuation is heavy.</li></ul><b>Note</b>: The allocated free independent public IP address cannot be unbound from the instance. To unbind this IP address, convert the public IP address to an elastic public IP address, and then unbind the elastic public IP address. For more information about the elastic public IP address, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/5733">Elastic Public IP Address</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Public gateway</td><td>Yes</td><td>Applicable only to Linux images.</br>As a network interface between the VPC and the public network, the public gateway can forward requests of CVMs that are within different subnets of the VPC and have no public IP addresses.</br>For more information, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/215/4972">Public Gateway</a>.</td></tr> 
<tr><td>Quantity</td><td>Yes</td><td>The number of CVMs to be purchased.</td></tr> 
<tr><td>Duration</td><td>Yes</td><td>Applicable only to CVMs with monthly subscription.</br>It indicates the usage duration of a CVM.</td></tr> 
</table>

3. Click **Next: Security Group and CVM** to open the Security Group and CVM page.
4. Configure the following information as prompted by the page:
<table>
<tr><th style="width: 20%">Configuration</th><th style="width: 12%">Required</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td>Project</td><td>Yes</td><td>The default project is selected by default. You can select an existing project as required to manage different CVMs.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Security group</td><td>Yes</td><td><ul><li>If no security group is available, you can choose **Create Security Group**.</li><li>If there are available security groups, you can choose **Existing Security Group**.</li></ul>For more information about the security groups, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/12452">Security Groups</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Instance Name</td><td>No</td><td>Customized by users to indicate the name of the CVM to be created.</br><ul><li>If no instance name is customized, the name of the created instance is **Unnamed**.</li><li>An instance name can up to 60 characters. You can also perform <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/32020">Batch Sequential Naming or String Pattern-Based Naming</a>.</li></ul><b>Note</b>: This name is displayed only in the console, but not the hostname of the CVM.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Login Method</td><td>Yes</td><td>The method of logging in to the CVM. Select a value as required.<ul><li><b>Set the password</b>: Customize the password for logging in to the instance.</li><li><b>SSH Key Pair (Only for Linux instances)</b>: Associate the instance with an SSH key, which ensures secure login to the CVM.</br>If no key is available or existing keys are inappropriate, you can click **Create Now** to create a key. For more information about SSH keys, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/6092">SSH Key</a>.</li><li><b>Random Password</b>: An automatically generated password will be sent via <a href="https://console.cloud.tencent.com/message">Internal Messages</a>.</li></ul></td></tr>
<tr><td>Security Reinforcement</td><td>No</td><td>By default, DDoS protection and host security are enabled for free to help users build a CVM security protection system against data leakage.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Cloud Monitoring</td><td>No</td><td>By default, monitoring is enabled for Tencent Cloud services for free. You can install a component to retrieve CVM monitoring metrics and display results in monitoring graphs. You can also specify custom alarm thresholds. In addition, you can configure three-dimensional CVM data monitoring, intelligent data analysis, real-time fault alerting, and personalized data reports to precisely monitor Tencent Cloud services and the health conditions of CVMs.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Collective Expiry Date</td><td>No</td><td>Applicable only to CVMs with monthly subscription and specified collective expiry dates.</br>This feature extends the expiry dates of all CVMs to the same expiry date specified by the user, facilitating renewal management.</br>For more information about how to set the collective expiry date, see **Renewal Management**.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Auto-renewal</td><td>No</td><td>Applicable only to CVMs with monthly subscription.</br>Check Select **Auto-renew the device every month when my account has sufficient balance** for auto renewal.</br>For more information, see **Renewal Management**.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Advanced Settings</td><td>No</td><td>Specifies additional settings of the instance as required.<ul><li><b>Host Name</b>: You can customize the internal computer name for the CVM’s operating system. After a CVM is created, you can log in to the CVM to view the host name.</li><li><b>Placement Group</b>: You can add an instance to a placement group as required to improve service availability. For more information, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/15486">Placement Group</a>.</li><li><b>Tag</b>: A tag can be specified to manage CVM resources by categories. For more information, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/19548">Tag</a>.</li><li><b>Custom Data</b>: You can configure an instance by specifying custom data. That is, run configuration scripts when an instance is started. If multiple CVMs are purchased at a time, the custom data will run on all CVMs. The Linux operating system supports the Shell format, and the Windows operating system supports the PowerShell format. A maximum of 16 KB raw data is supported. For details, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/17525">Custom Data</a>.</br><b>Note</b>: Custom data configuration supports only public images with the Cloudinit service. For more information, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/19670#cloudbase-init">Cloud-Init</a>.</li></ul></td></tr>
</table>

5. Click **Next: Confirm** to open the configuration information confirmation page.
6. Check the information of the CVM to be purchased and the costs details of each configuration item.
7. Select **Agree with the Refund Rule**. (This option is applicable only to CVMs with monthly subscription.)
8. Click **Purchase Now** and complete the payment. Then, you can check your CVM by logging in to the [CVM Console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/cvm).
Information such as the instance name, public IP address, private IP address, login username, and initial login password of the CVM will be sent to your account via [Internal Messages](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/message). You can log in to and manage instances based on the information. To ensure the security of the CVM, change your CVM login password as soon as possible.





