### What are Flow Logs?
Flow Logs provide you with full-time, full-flow, non-intrusive traffic collection for ENI, so you can store and analyze network traffic in real time. You can use VPC flow logs to capture incoming/outgoing ENI IP traffic to help you troubleshoot issues.

### What is a Flow Log record?
A flow log record represents a network flow in your flow logs. Each record captures a specific quintuple network flow within a capture window. For details, see [Flow Log Records](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/682/18933#.E6.B5.81.E6.97.A5.E5.BF.97.E8.AE.B0.E5.BD.95).

### What traffic will Flow Logs capture?
Flow Logs will capture all traffic except the following:
- Traffic generated by Windows instances for activation of Windows license.
- DHCP traffic.

### What are some common Flow Logs use cases?
- quickly locate network issues
- optimize network architecture
- quickly detect network security threats

For more information, see [Use Cases](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/682/18957).

### What services do Flow Logs support?
- Flow Logs currently only supports ENI in VPC.
- Classic network services such as CVM, TencentDB, gateways, peering connections are currently not supported.

### Can I edit a flow log’s configuration after creation?
You cannot change the configuration of a flow log after creation. Actions such as modifying the delivery destination of the flow logs are not allowed. However, you can delete the flow log and create a new flow log and configure it as needed.

### Is Flow Logs free of charge?
Flow Logs is free of charge, but the data stored in CLS is charged according CLS’s prices.

### How do I use Flow Logs?
You can create and delete flow logs, create log sets and log topics, and view flow log records. For details, see the [Operation Guide](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/682/18974 ).
