[](id:que1)
### What is video uploading from the client?
Video uploading from the client refers to uploading local videos to VOD by an application user.

[](id:que2)
### Why can’t I find the video upload module `TXUGCPublish`?
The video upload feature has been separated from the SDK and made open source in the demo. You need to integrate the UGSV upload feature by following the steps below:   
1. Download the [demo](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1069/37914).
2. Copy the upload .jar package in the `app\libs\upload` directory to the `..\app\libs\upload` directory of your project.
3. Copy the source code directory `Demo\app\src\main\java\com\tencent\liteav\demo\videoupload` of the UGSV upload feature to your project directory and rename the package in the source code.
4. Open `build.gradle` in the `App` directory of your project and add code that references the .jar package:
```
dependencies {
  compile fileTree(include: ['*.jar'], dir: 'libs/upload')
}
```
5. Configure application permissions in `AndroidManifest.xml`.
```
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.INTERNET"/>
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE"/>
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE"/>
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE" />
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE"/>
```

[](id:que3)
### What should I do if upload fails with the internal error 1000? 
Please check whether the VOD service is activated.

[](id:que4)
### What should I do if an "incorrect upload parameter" error occurs?
Please check whether the addresses of the video file and image are correct and whether the corresponding files can be found in the specified paths.

[](id:que5)
### What should I do if an "incorrect upload signature" error occurs?
Before a client initiates an upload, it needs to apply for an upload signature from your application server. If the application server approves the upload request, it will generate an upload signature as described in [Signature for Upload from Client](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/266/33922). The client must carry this signature so that VOD can verify whether the upload is authorized.

A signature for uploading from the client is generated as follows:
1. Get the API key.
2. Concatenate the plaintext string.
3. Convert the string to a signature.
4. You can verify the signatures generated by your service using the tools provided by VOD:
	- [Signature generation](https://video.qcloud.com/signature/ugcgenerate.html?_ga=1.100430424.799380133.1510203220): Enter the key and other required parameters to quickly generate a signature.
	- [Signature verification](https://video.qcloud.com/signature/ugcdecode.html?_ga=1.100430424.799380133.1510203220): Enter a signature to parse and get the parameters used to generate the signature.

For more information, see [Signature for Upload from Client](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/266/33922).

[](id:que6)
### Is there a limit on the length or size of a file uploaded?
No, there isn’t a limit on the length or size of a file uploaded.

[](id:que7)
### Can I upload an image?
 **Currently, you cannot upload images alone**, but you can upload a thumbnail image along with a video. For details, see [Video Upload](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1069/38016). 

