## Multi-round Conversation Technology Based on Knowledge Graph
In a traditional Q&A library where answers are provided based on question matching, it is difficult to solve two major issues with incomplete intent expression and too many business query conditions. The Tencent Big Data AI team has used field-specific knowledge graphs to implement business modeling in the R&D process and then implemented a multi-round conversation system based on the knowledge graphs. After the system uses natural language understanding technology to identify the customer's partial intent, it can probe into the complete intent by searching in the relationship network of the knowledge graphs. Further, the system has a context memory function.

## Strong Learning Model and Cold Start Solution Based on Deep Migration Learning
TICSR's technology solution integrates a traditional machine learning model with a deep learning model where the former captures the information matching the characters, while the latter captures the semantic correlation among questions. The combination of the two can greatly improve the model stability under different data volumes.

For traditional customer service systems based on question matching, if there are too few similar questions, it is impossible to train a sufficiently stable model. To address this pain point, TICSR's deep migration learning scheme uses some large corpora in non-specific fields (not to be provided by the user) to train the basic model, and then use the user-supplied small corpus for migration learning to get the fusion model, so that even if the cold start Q&A library is imperfect, a stable model can be trained. Offline evaluation experiments have proven that when the number of similar questions is 1, the accuracy of the deep migration learning model is 40% higher than that of the traditional model, and if the number is 5, the accuracy improvement can be 100%.

## Corpus Mining Scheme Based on Big Data Platform
Based on Tencent's big data warehouse, we can mine customer questions in specific field corpus (industry-related) that can be used for training deep learning models or creating user-specific Q&A libraries. This data solution is a unique advantage of the Tencent Big Data team, which helps the user build a Q&A library more effectively during the cold start phase.
