Dear Tencent Cloud user,
Tencent Cloud plans to upgrade the CLB architecture starting from now to August 8, 2022 at 24:00 (UTC+8). After then, the SLA for classic CLBs is no longer provided.
To ensure the stability of your business, please upgrade the classic CLBs under your account to application CLBs in time.

Application CLBs provides more features and better performance over classic CLBs  with the same price. 
During the upgrade, the access to your business is not affected. The VIP of the classic CLB remains unchanged after the upgrade.

## How to Upgrade
1. Log in to the [CLB console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/clb) and click **Instance management** on the left sidebar.
2. On the **Instance management** page, select a region in the top-left corner and click the **Classic CLB** tab.
3. Find the instance to upgrade in the classic CLB instance list, and then select **More** > **Upgrade** in the **Operation** column.
4. Click **Submit** in the **Upgrading to CLB** dialog box.

## Benefits and Impact of the Upgrade
<dx-accordion>
::: Public network CLB
#### Benefits
- Each layer-4 listener can be configured with different real services.
- Each layer-7 listener can be configured with multiple domain names and URLs; domain name-based forwarding and URL-based forwarding are supported; each URL can be configured with different real servers.
- Features such as TCP SSL, SNI, and binding with ENI are supported. For more information, see [Instance Type](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/214/8847).

#### Impact
- Access to Tencent Cloud services will not be affected.
- The configuration methods will be different. For more details, see [Getting Started with CLB](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/214/8975).
- [Classic CLB APIs](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/214/889) are not applicable. You need to use [CLB APIs](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/214/33789) instead.
- Domain names cannot be modified after the upgrade.

:::
::: Private network CLB
>?Before the upgrade, add a rule to allow the CLB VIP to the actual business port of the real server in the bound security group or related security configuration of the real server.
>
#### Benefits
- Each layer-4 listener can be configured with different real services.
- Layer-7 listeners are supported; each layer-7 listener can be configured with multiple domain names and URLs; domain name-based forwarding and URL-based forwarding are supported; each URL can be configured with different real servers.
- Features such as CLS log, SNI, and binding with ENI are supported. For more information, see [Instance Type](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/214/8847).

#### Impact
- Rolling back to classic CLB instance is not supported.
- There may be uneven scheduling and session failures in a short period of time, and the monitoring data will have a breakpoint of around 5 minutes.
- The configuration of application CLBs are different with classic CLBs. For more information, see [Getting Started with CLB](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/214/8975).
- [Classic CLB APIs](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/214/889) are not applicable. You need to use [CLB APIs](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/214/33789) instead.
:::
</dx-accordion>


## FAQs
### Why should I upgrade classic CLBs?
Tencent Cloud CLB has stopped selling classic CLB instances since October 20, 2021. (See [Classic CLB End-of-Sale Notice](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/214/41387). CLB offers new features in addition to all the features of classic CLB, with a better user experience.
Tencent Cloud plans to complete the upgrade for all classic CLB instances by August 8, 2022. To avoid affecting your business, please complete the upgrade on your end in time and make arrangements in advance.

### How do I configure a domain name after the upgrade?
After the upgrade of classic CLB, continuing to use existing domain names may bring risks. We recommend you reconfigure your domain name. If you use DNSPod to resolve your domain name to `myqcloud.com`, you need to modify the DNS record.

### What will happen if I don't perform the upgrade?
As Classic CLB is an end-of-live product, no more feature updates are available. Since August 8, 2022 at 24:00 (UTC+8), Tencent Cloud no longer provides SLA for classic CLBs, which means the stability and performance of your business may be affected. 

### Is there a recovery plan if the upgrade fails and makes the service unavailable?
If the upgrade fails, you can roll back to classic CLB; however, if the upgrade succeeds, rolling back is not supported.

### What should I do if my classic CLB instance is bound to an auto scaling group?
In this case, you need to unbind and rebind the instance after the upgrade is completed; otherwise, the scaling group will fail to work. If multiple classic CLB instances are bound to a scaling group, upgrade, unbind, and rebind all of them.


### Should I handle health check exceptions first?
If the health check is abnormal, do not upgrade the CLB instance. Make sure that all the real servers of the instance are healthy or disable health check first before starting the upgrade. We recommend you not bypass the upgrade check by unbinding abnormal real servers; otherwise, the business may be affected. If you need help, [submit a ticket](https://console.tencentcloud.com/workorder/category).
