## Overview
In this part, you will create a service in API Gateway and related API rules, connect them to the SCF function created in [Step 1](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/13198), and test the correctness of the API through the API test in the console.
>! The API service and function must be in the same region. In this tutorial, the Beijing region is used to create the API service.
> 

## Creating API Service and Rules
1. Log in to the [Tencent Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/apigateway), select **Tencent Cloud Services** > **Middleware** > **API Gateway** at the top of the page, and enter the "API Gateway" overview page.
2. <span id="step2">Select **Service** on the left sidebar and switch the region to **Beijing** at the top of the "Service" page.</span>
3. On the "Service" page, click **Create** to create an API service.

4. In the "Create Service" pop-up window, enter `blogAPI` as the service name and click **Submit**.
5. After completing the service creation, enter the created `blogAPI` service and select the **Manage API** tab.

6. <span id="step6"></span>Click **New** to enter the "Create API" page. In the "Frontend Configuration" step, refer to the following main parameters to create the API:
 - **API Name**: custom API name.
 - **Path**:  `/article`.
 - **Request Method**: GET.
 - **Authentication Type**: to facilitate subsequent testing, select **No authentication**.
 Keep the remaining options as default and click **Next**.
7. In the "Backend Configuration" step, refer to the following main parameters to create the API:
 - **Backend Type**: select **cloud function**.
 - **Cloud Function**: select the `blogArticle` function created in [Step 1](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/13198).
 Keep the remaining options as default and click **Next**.
8. Click **Complete** in "Response Result" to complete the API creation.
9. <span id="step9">Click **Create** on the **Manage API** tab again to create another API with the path of `/article/{articleId}` and the request method of `GET`. Select **No authentication**, enter the parameter `articleId` in the parameter configuration with `Path` as the parameter location, `int` as the parameter type, and `1` as the default value, and click **Next**.</span>
10. Select **Cloud Function** as the backend type, select the `blogArticle` function created in [Step 1](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/13198) as the function, and click **Next**.
11. Click **Complete** in "Response Result" to complete the API creation.

## Debugging API Rules
1. To debug the API `/article` created in [step 6](#step6) above, click **API Debug**, send a request on the debugging page, and check whether the response body in the returned result is shown as follows:
```
[{"category": "blog", "time": "2017-12-05 13:45", "id": 1, "title": "hello world"}, {"category": "blog", "time": "2017-12-06 08:22", "id": 2, "title": "record info"}, {"category": "python", "time": "2017-12-06 18:32", "id": 3, "title": "python study"}]
```
2. To debug the API `/article/{articleId}` created in [step 9](#step9) above, click **API Debug**, modify the request parameter value to 1, send a request on the debugging page, and check whether the response body in the returned result is shown as follows:
```
{"category": "blog", "content": "first blog! hello world!", "time": "2017-12-05 13:45", "id": 1, "title": "hello world"}
```
3. You can also modify the value of the request parameter `articleId` in [step 2](#step2) to another number and check the response content.
