## Overview

ICP filing authorization code is a authorization credential generated by the server used for ICP filing application which actually points to the IP address of the server.

## Usage Scenario

Assume that you registered accounts A and B with Tencent Cloud. Then, you purchased CVM under account A for building the websites of your company HQ and one of its branch but didn't purchase anything under account B. However, one Tencent Cloud account can be used to apply for ICP filing for only one entity and the HQ and the branch are two different entities. Therefore, you need to apply for ICP filing for one of the entities using account B. As there is no CVM under account B, you need to use an ICP filing authorization code to submit the application, which is generated by the CVM of account A.

### Create an ICP filing authorization code

1. Log in to account A where you have purchased CVM, go to the [ICP Filing Registration Console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/beian) > **ICP filing authorization code** page.
2. Click **+ Generate an authorization code**.
3. Select the cloud service to be associated and click **OK** to start the generation process.
4. After the code is successfully generated, you can view its details, change the cloud service or delete it on the page.

### Using an ICP Filing Authorization Code

1. Log in to account B where there is no CVM, go to the [ICP Filing Registration Console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/beian) and click **+ Start an application** on the **ICP filing management** page to start the application process.
2. In the step for confirming the application type, select **ICP filing authorization code** for **Cloud service used for application** and paste the code generated in account A.
3. After successful verification, you can use account B to proceed with the application, and the IP address used for the application is that of the CVM providing the authorization code.

