### What features does GME have?
GME supports voice chat, offline voice messaging, speech-to-text, and voice analysis.


### What are the gaming application scenarios of GME?
E-sports, commander games, casual games, werewolf, etc.


### What game engines and platforms does GME support?
The following game engines are supported: Unity, Unreal, and Cocos2d. The following platforms are supported: Windows, macOS, iOS, Android, and HTML5.

### Does GME support WeChat Mini Program?
Yes. GME supports WeChat Mini Program; however, only pull (listening) from WeChat Mini Program is supported, while push (speaking) is not.

### Does GME provide a demo for WeChat Mini Program? 
No. GME currently does not have a demo for WeChat Mini Program.

### How do I get started with GME?
For more information on how to get started with GME quickly, please see [Access Guide](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/607/10782).

### How is traffic usage calculated for using GME voice chat?
Traffic usage is determined by both the bitrate and the number of talking users in a voice chat room. It is calculated in bytes as bitrate * number of talking users/8, where the bitrate is 30 kbps for Fluency mode, and 64 kbps for Standard and High Quality modes.

### Does the .so library on Android support x86_64?
The SDK currently is not available on x86_64.

### Does the .so library on Android support ARMv8?
Yes. It is supported on v2.3.5 and above.

### How do I configure code obfuscation when integrating with the SDK?
For detailed directions, please see [Project Configuration](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/607/15203) for Android.

### How do I ensure the security of authentication?
Generally, you are recommended to use the client deployment scheme in the initial stage, which can be optimized for deployment on the gaming application's backend subsequently.

| Scheme | Advantages | Disadvantages |
| ---------- | -------- | ---------------- |
| Backend deployment | High security | Backend development and joint testing required |
| Client deployment | Fast access | Low security |


### How long is the validity of the authentication generated by the client?
It is permanently valid.

### When I access GME, an error code is displayed prompting that authentication failed. What should I do?
When an authentication error occurs during access to voice chat and voice messaging and speech-to-text, check whether the voice messaging and speech-to-text service is enabled in the console; and if yes, make sure that:
- `SDKAppID` matches that in the console.
- `OpenID` must be greater than 10000.
- `null` must be entered as the room ID parameter for the voice messaging and speech-to-text feature.
- The key from the Tencent Cloud Console is correct.

### Can GME on Android and GME on iOS communicate with each other?
Yes, they can be interconnected by entering the same room with the same `SDKAppid`.


### Does GME support Bluetooth switching on mobile phones?
The switching of sound playback is at the OS level. GME supports playback by Bluetooth devices.

### What should I pay attention to when hot-updating GME?
To hot-update the GME SDK, you need to update the modules depending on the SDK together by including all GME-related code in the hot update.

### Does a GME room support mic sequence-based karaoke?
GME's HD sound quality can meet the needs of karaoke; however, mic sequence is something that should be implemented in your own product's application layer through a delivery protocol, for example.

