## Service Feature Limits

<table>
        <tr>
            <th  width="18%">Feature</th>
            <th  width="27%">Limit Item</th>
            <th>Limit Description</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td  rowspan="4">One-to-one/group message</td>
            <td>Content length</td>
            <td>The maximum length allowed for a single one-to-one/group message is 8,000 bytes. If this limit is exceeded, the message will be discarded by the system.</td>
        </tr>
				        <tr>
            <td>Sending frequency</td>
            <td>The length of a single message cannot exceed 8,000 bytes.<br>We recommend that the frequency of sending messages to the same account should not exceed 10 messages per second. When the target account is online, messages can be received normally even if the limit of 10 messages per second is exceeded. When the target account is offline, only 10 messages per second will be saved, and those beyond this limit will be discarded.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Size of a single file</td>
            <td>The SDK supports a maximum file size of 100 MB for any single file to be sent. </td>
        </tr>
	<tr>
            <td>Storage duration</td>
            <td>Message history storage is available for one-to-one and group (private group, public group, and chat room) messages. The storage period is as follows:<ul style="margin:0;"><li>Trial edition: free storage for 7 days, no extension supported. </li><li>Pro edition: free storage for 7 days, extension supported. </li><li>Flagship edition: free storage for 30 days, extension supported.</li></ul>Extending the message history storage period is a value-added service. You can log in to the <a href="https://console.cloud.tencent.com/im">IM console</a> to modify the relevant configuration. For specific billing information, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1047/34350">Value-added Service Pricing</a>.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>System message</td>
            <td>Quantity and storage period</td>
            <td>A maximum of 100 system messages can be stored for up to 7 days.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>UserID</td>
            <td>Naming rules</td>
            <td>The maximum length of a user account is limited to 32 bytes. Supports English letters or numbers. Special characters are not allowed.</td>
        </tr>
				<tr>
            <td>User profile</td>
            <td>Custom field</td>
            <td>The keywords of custom fields must consist of English letters with a length no longer than 8 bytes. The length of the values of custom fields cannot exceed 500 bytes.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>UserSig</td>
            <td>Validity period</td>
            <td>User password. The signatures generated by the default API of the IM backend SDK expire after 180 days.</td>
        </tr>
				<tr>
            <td>Conversation management</td>						
            <td>Number of recent contacts</td>
            <td>Up to 100 recent contacts can be saved for an ordinary user.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td  rowspan="2">User relationship chain</td>
            <td>Friends and friend groups</td>
            <td><ul style="margin:0;"><li>A single user can have up to 3,000 friends.</li><li>The maximum number of pending friend requests supported is 100.</li><li>The maximum number of friend groups supported is 32.</li><li>The maximum length of a friend group name is 30 bytes.</li><li>The maximum length of friend remarks supported is 96 bytes.</li></ul></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Blacklist</td>
            <td>A single user can blacklist a maximum of 1,000 users.</td>
        </tr>
         <tr>
            <td  rowspan="7">Group</td>
            <td>Number of groups</td>
            <td><ul style="margin:0;"><li>For the Trial Edition, the SDKAppID supports a maximum of 100 concurrent groups, excluding disbanded groups. If the peak value is reached, you can disband unused groups and then create new ones.</li><li>For the Pro and Flagship Editions, the SDKAppID does not limit the number of groups, but the maximum daily net group increase is 10,000, and the free peak group count is 100,000 per month. If the free peak group count is exceeded, fees will be charged. For more information, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1047/34350">Fees for usage exceeding the free quota</a>.</li></ul></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Number of group members</td>
            <td><ul style="margin:0;"><li>The maximum number of group members supported by a private group is 200.</li><li>The maximum number of group members supported by a public group is 2,000.</li><li>The maximum number of group members supported by a chat room is 6,000.</li><li>For audio-video chat rooms and broadcasting chat rooms, there is no limit.</li></ul></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Number of groups a user can join</td>
            <td><ul style="margin:0;"><li>For the Trial Edition, a single user of an SDKAppID can join up to 50 groups.</li><li>For the Pro Edition, a single user of an SDKAppID can join up to 500 groups. You can purchase a value-added service to increase the upper limit to 1,000 groups per user. For more information on the cost, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1047/34350">Value-added Service Pricing</a>.</li><li>For the Flagship Edition, a single user of an SDKAppID can join up to 1,000 groups. You can purchase a value-added service to increase the upper limit to 3,000 groups per user. For more information on the cost, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1047/34350">Value-added Service Pricing</a>.</li></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Group profile</td>
            <td><ul style="margin:0;"><li>The maximum length of the group name is 30 bytes.</li><li>The maximum length of the group introduction is 240 bytes.</li><li>The maximum length of the group announcement is 300 bytes.</li><li>The maximum length of the group profile photo URL is 100 bytes.</li><li>The maximum length of the group name card is 50 bytes.</li></ul></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Custom group ID</td>
            <td>The custom group ID must be printable ASCII characters (0x20-0x7e) with maximum length limited to 48 bytes. It cannot begin with @TGS# so as to avoid confusion with the default group IDs assigned by IM.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Group custom field</td>
            <td>Groups supports up to 20 custom fields: <ul style="margin:0;"><li>The Key field is String type, with a maximum length of 16 bytes. Its name can contain only uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and underscores.</li><li>The Value field is a user-defined buffer and can be binary data. The maximum Value length for groups is 512 bytes.</li></ul></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Group member custom field</td>
            <td>Group Member supports up to 5 custom fields: <ul style="margin:0;"><li>The Key field is String type, with a maximum length of 16 bytes. Its name can contain only uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and underscores. </li><li>The Value field is a user-defined buffer and can be binary data. The maximum Value length for Group Member is 64 bytes.</li></ul></td>
        </tr>
</table>

## API-related Limits
>This document lists only the RESTful APIs that have use limits. For a complete list of APIs, see [RESTful APIs](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1047/34621).

### General limits

<table>
        <tr>
            <th  width="45%">Limit Item</th>
            <th>Limit Description</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Call frequency</td>
            <td><ul style="margin:0;"><li>Up to 100 times per second:<a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1047/34954">importing multiple accounts</a>, <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1047/34955">deleting accounts</a>, and<a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1047/34956">querying accounts</a></li><li>Up to 200 times per second: other <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1047/34621">RESTful APIs</a></li></ul></td>
        </tr>
</table>



### Account management

<table>
        <tr>
            <th  width="45%">API</th>
            <th>Limit Description</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Importing multiple accounts</td>
            <td>Supports importing up to 100 usernames at a time, but rejects the direct import of account nickname and portrait.</td>
        </tr>
				<tr>
            <td>Querying online status of accounts</td>
            <td>A single request can query the status of up to 500 users.</td>
        </tr>
</table>

### One-to-one message

<table>
        <tr>
            <th  width="45%">API</th>
            <th>Limit Description</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Sending one-to-one messages in batches</td>
            <td>A single request can send one-to-one messages to up to 500 users.</td>
        </tr>
</table>


### Relationship chain management


<table>
        <tr>
            <th  width="45%">API</th>
            <th>Limit Description</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Importing friends</td>
            <td>A single request can import up to 1,000 friends.</td>
        </tr>
</table>


### Group management

<table>
        <tr>
            <th  width="45%">API</th>
            <th>Limit Description</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Adding group members</td>
            <td>A maximum of 100 members can be added at a time.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Deleting group members</td>
            <td>A single request can delete up to 500 members.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Querying a user’s identity in the group</td>
            <td>A single request can query up to 500 accounts.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Batch muting and unmuting</td>
            <td>A single request can mute/unmute up to 500 accounts.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Sending ordinary messages in a group</td>
            <td>The default sending frequency of a single group is limited to 40 messages/second. <br><b>If two messages sent within 5 minutes from the same sender have the same random value (Random parameter), the later message will be discarded as a duplicate message.</b></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Importing group messages</td>
            <td>A maximum of 20 messages can be imported by a single request. Messages must be imported in ascending order by timestamp. The timestamps of imported messages must be earlier than the current time and later than the group creation time. Otherwise, the import fails.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Importing group members</td>
            <td>AVChatRoom and BChatRoom do not support importing members.<br>Up to 500 members can be imported in one request. However, different group types have different group member limits. For more information, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1047/33515">Group Features</a>.</td>
        </tr>
</table>
