If you have completed [Step 2. Create and Test API Service](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/zh/document/product/583/13199), and the test results are as expected, you can then publish this service and initiate a request from a browser to verify whether the API works properly.

## API Service Release
1. Log in to the [API Gateway console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/apigateway) and select **Service** on the left sidebar.
2. On the **Service** page, select **Publish** on the right side of the `blogAPI` service created in [step 2](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/zh/document/product/583/13199).
3. In the **Publish service** pop-up window, select **Release** as the publishing environment, enter **Publish API** in the remarks, and click **Submit**.





## Online API Verification

The API service is published through the publishing action, so that the API can be accessed externally. Then, you can initiate a request in a browser to check whether the API can respond correctly.

1. In the `blogAPI` service, click the API name to enter the **API Documentation/SDK** information page and copy the default access path of the **Release** environment, such as `service-kzeed206-1251762227.ap-guangzhou.apigateway.myqcloud.com/release`.
>!As the domain name varies by service, the domain name assigned to your service may be different from the one in this document. Please do not directly copy the address here for access.
>
2. Add the path of the created API rule after this path to form the following paths:
```
service-kzeed206-1251762227.ap-guangzhou.apigateway.myqcloud.com/release/article
service-kzeed206-1251762227.ap-guangzhou.apigateway.myqcloud.com/release/article/1
service-kzeed206-1251762227.ap-guangzhou.apigateway.myqcloud.com/release/article/2
```
3. Copy the paths in step 2 to a browser for access and make sure that the output is the same as that during API test.
4. You can further modify the article number in the request and view the output to check whether the code can correctly handle an incorrect article number.


So far, you have completed the process for implementing a service through SCF and providing it through API. Subsequently, you can modify the code and add features and API rules to form a richer-featured application module.
