### How is CDN billed?
CDN offers two billing methods: **bill-by-bandwidth** and **bill-by-traffic**. Both methods are pay-as-you-go on a daily billing cycle. Payment for total consumption generated between 00:00:00–23:59:59 on the current date will be deducted the next day. For more information on how to choose an appropriate billing method, please see [Billing Instruction](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/228/2949).

### When are the fees of CDN deducted?
CDN is billed on a pay-as-you-go basis. The charge for total consumption generated on the current date is billed and deducted on the next day:
- If you switch from bill-by-bandwidth to bill-by-traffic and consumption has yet to occur for the day, you will be charged with bill-by-traffic on the following day unless you switch the billing mode again.
- If consumption has already occurred, you will be charged with bill-by-bandwidth on the following day. You will be charged with bill-by-traffic on the third day when calculating the consumption on the second day, unless you switch the billing mode again.

If you want to change your billing method, please contact your Tencent Cloud sales rep or [submit a ticket](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/workorder/category).

### What is monthly 95th percentile billing?
Bill-by-bandwidth is a billing mode based on peak bandwidth use.
Monthly 95th Percentile: there are 288 CDN bandwidth statistical points per day. Starting from the 1st day of the current month, all statistical points of valid days (when bandwidth is actually consumed) are sorted in order. The top 5% points are removed, and the remaining highest value is the billable bandwidth. The fee is then calculated based on the listing price and settlement method.
> Billing sample:
> Suppose a customer's billing officially started on January 1 and the contracted price is P USD/Mbps/month.
Assuming that there are 14 valid days in January, the billable bandwidth for all the 14 valid days has 14 * 288 statistical points, the highest 5% points are removed, so Max95 is the highest one in the remaining statistical points, which is the billable bandwidth, and the fees for January is: Max95 * P * 14 / 31.

### How can I check my CDN bills?
You can check your bills in Tencent Cloud [Billing Center](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/account). For more information, please see [Bill Query](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/228/6071).

### Can I return a purchased Mainland China traffic package?
Yes. If a CDN traffic package for Mainland China you purchased has not been used, it can be refunded unconditionally within five days after purchase. For more information, please see Refund Description

### Where is the CDN price calculator?
Click [Mainland China CDN Price Calculator](https://buy.cloud.tencent.com/calculator/cdn) to enter the Mainland China price calculator page.

### Can CDN be billed by number of requests?
No. Currently, CDN does not support billing by number of requests.

### What will happen if my account falls into arrears?
For more information, please see the [notes](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/228/2949#.E6.AC.A0.E8.B4.B9.E8.AF.B4.E6.98.8E) in the billing description document.

### If the origin server uses COS, will there be charges for traffic generated by origin-pull from CDN to COS?
The traffic generated by origin-pull from CDN to COS is billed by COS instead of CDN. For more information, please see [COS as Origin Server](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/228/32977).

### When CDN is disabled (or deactivated), will it generate traffic and incur fees?
After the CDN domain name acceleration service is disabled, if the domain name is still configured with CNAME, a 404 status code will be returned for requests resolved to the node and a small amount of traffic will be consumed. This traffic data will be recorded by the console for your reference, and the corresponding logs will also be generated. However, since your domain name has been disabled, we will not bill you for this traffic consumption and log packets. We recommend changing the origin-pull resolution first before disabling the acceleration service.
