### What specific functions does GME offer?
GME supports voice chat, offline voice messaging and speech-to-text.


### What are the applicable gaming scenarios of GME?
E-sports, commander games, casual games, Werewolf and much more.


### What game engines and OS does GME support?
Supported game engines: Unity, Unreal and Cocos2d; OS: Windows, Mac, iOS and Android.


### How to get started with GME?
In order to help you effectively use GME, the [Access Guide](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/607/10782) can guide you through how to initially access GME.

### Does the .so library on Android support ARMv8?
It is not supported currently but will be supported in future versions.


### How to ensure the security of authentication?
Generally, it is recommended to use the client deployment scheme in the initial stage, which can be optimized to be deployed in the gaming app's backend.

| Scheme | Advantages | Disadvantages |
| ---------- | -------- | ---------------- |
| Backend deployment | High security | Backend development and joint testing required |
| Client deployment | Fast access | Low security |


### How long is the validity of the authentication generated by the client?
It is valid permanently.

### In the process of accessing Voice Chat and Offline Voice, an error code prompts that authentication failed. How to fix this error?
Please check whether the Offline Voice service is turned on in the console. If yes, check the following:
- sdkappid matches that in the console.
- OpenID must be greater than 10000.
- 0 must be entered for the parameter for offline voice room number.
- The key from the Tencent Cloud Console is correct.

### Can GME on Android and GME on iOS be interconnected?
Yes, they can be interconnected by entering the same room using the same SDKAppid.


### Does GME support Bluetooth switching on mobile phones? After connecting with a Bluetooth device, can the voice played back automatically by the Bluetooth device?
The switching of sound playback is at the OS level. GME supports playback by Bluetooth devices.
