 
To provide more comprehensive and convenient instance account management services, TencentDB for SQL Server will change the instance account types and permissions on February 9, 2023 as detailed below:

## Account mappings
<table>
<thead><tr><th>Instance Architecture</th><th>Old Account Type</th><th>New Account Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td rowspan="3">Two-node (formerly High Availability/Cluster Edition)</td>
<td>Admin</td><td>Privileged account</td><td>The old admin account corresponds to the new privileged account, which has the owner permissions of all databases by default.</td></tr>	
<tr>
<td>Non-admin</td><td>Standard account</td><td>The old non-admin account corresponds to the new standard account.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>-</td><td>Designated account</td><td>A new designated account is added, which can only view and own the specified database. A designated account can be authorized to multiple databases, but a database can be authorized to only one designated account.</td></tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="4">Single-node (formerly Basic Edition)</td>
<td>Admin</td><td>Admin account</td><td>The old admin account corresponds to the new admin account, which has the highest-level sysadmin permission and the owner permissions of all databases. <strong>After the admin account is enabled, the product SLA will no longer be guaranteed.</font></strong></td></tr>	
<tr>
<td>Non-admin</td>
<td>Standard account</td><td>The old non-admin account corresponds to the new standard account.</td></tr>
<td>-</td><td>Privileged account</td><td>A privileged account is added, which has the owner permissions of all databases by default.</td></tr>	
<td>-</td><td>Designated account</td><td>A new designated account is added, which can only view and own the specified database. A designated account can be authorized to multiple databases, but a database can be authorized to only one designated account.</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Permission mappings
<table>
<thead><tr><th>Old Account Type</th><th>New Account Type</th><th>Old Account Permission</th><th>New Account Permission</th><th>Database-Level Permission</th></tr></thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td rowspan="3">Non-admin</td>
<td rowspan="3">Standard account</td>
<td>Read-only</td><td>Read-only</td><td>db_reader</td></tr>
<tr>
<td>Read/Write</td><td>Owner</td><td>db_owner</td></tr>
<td>-</td><td>Read/Write</td><td><li>db_reader<li>db_writer</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

>?The old and new account types and permissions have already been made compatible, so existing instances won't be affected.

[Contact us](https://www.tencentcloud.com/contact-us) if you have any questions about instance account type and permission changes.
