### What is SCF?
SCF is a serverless execution environment provided by Tencent Cloud. All you need to do is write simple and single-purpose functions and associate them with events generated by your Tencent Cloud infrastructure and services.
When using SCF, you only pay attention to your own code. The underlying computing resources and tasks are fully managed by Tencent Cloud, including maintenance of server CPUs, memories, networks and other configurations/resources, code deployment, elastic scaling, load balancing, security upgrade, and resource execution monitoring. You only need to provide code written in languages supported by the platform. In addition, this means that you cannot log in to or manage the server, or customize the system or environment.

When the code is executed, scaling will be made based on the request load to meet the needs for service availability and stability in different scenarios, with no manual configuration or intervention required. From several requests per day to thousands of requests per second, SCF can automatically scale at the underlying layer. A function is automatically deployed across multiple availability zones within a region, enabling extremely high fault tolerance. You only need to pay for running functions, and no fees will be incurred if the code is not running.

You can customize the code execution time, such as when a file is uploaded to or deleted from a COS bucket or an application calls the code through the SDK. You can also specify periodic code execution. Therefore, SCF can be used as a data processing trigger for the COS service to easily implement IFTTT logic. Scheduled automated tasks can also be flexibly built to free you from manual operations and easily construct an elastic and controllable software architecture.

### What is serverless computing?

With serverless computing, you can build and execute applications and services without having to care about servers. Serverless does not mean that there is no server. It is just that you do not need to care about the underlying resources. Of course, this also means that you cannot log in to a server, so you do not need to find a way to optimize it. You only need to care about the core code snippets while skipping the complex and cumbersome basic work. These code snippets are completely event-triggered, and the platform automatically adjusts service resources in parallel based on the requests. The serverless architecture has near-infinite scalability, and no resources will be executed when idle. The code is executed in a stateless manner, which easily enables fast iterations and rapid deployment. SCF is the core of Tencent Cloud's serverless computing, allowing you to execute code without the need to configure or manage servers.

### What events can trigger SCF functions?

Currently, triggering by manual triggers (APIs), timer triggers, COS, CMQ, and API Gateway is supported, and more triggers will be available in the future.

### What languages does SCF support?

Currently, it supports Python 2.7 and 3.6, Node.js 6.10 and 8.9, Java 8, and PHP 5 and 7, and more languages will be supported in the future.

### Can I use SCF for AI reasoning?

Yes, you can apply for GPUs by submitting a ticket to accelerate the reasoning. When a GPU-enabled function is called, a GPU card will be assigned to the runtime environment of the function.

### Can I access the infrastructure where SCF runs?

No. SCF executes and manages your computing infrastructure on your behalf.

### How does SCF isolate code?

Each function runs in its own unique environment and has its own resources and file system. SCF uses the same technology as CVM to provide security and isolation at the infrastructure and execution levels.

### Can SCF interconnect with other Tencent Cloud products such as CVM or TencentDB?
Yes, when you create a function, select VPC in "Show advanced settings", and deploy the function in the same VPC as CVM or TencentDB.

### After SCF is deployed to a VPC, how to configure internet access?
There are several ways for a VPC to access the internet. For more information, see the [NAT Gateway documentation](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/552).
