Tencent Cloud plans to start charging for VPC traffic from CVM/TKE instances to Tencent Cloud resources in other AZs of the same region from July 1, 2023 at 00:00 (UTC+8). </br>- **Access to CVM/TKE instances in other AZs of the same region**: Start charging from July 1, 2023 at 00:00 (UTC+8)</br>- **Access to CLB/TencentDB instances in other AZs of the same region**: Start charging from January 1, 2024 at 00:00 (UTC+8). 

  A monthly 50T free tier is provided for each account from to July 1, 2023 to January 1, 2024. See below for more details.

## Billing 

### Billable Items
Traffic goes from a CVM/TKE instance to Tencent Cloud resources in other AZs of the same region. 

### Billing Methods

Cross-AZ data transfer in the same region is billed by the traffic in a post-paid manner.

- Calculate the cross-AZ outbound traffic in same region of the VPC, and generate the bill on an hourly basis 

- From now till April 1, 2024 00:00, a 50-TB free tier is provided per month for each account.

### Calculation

Traffic fee = Regional unite price x traffic (in GB)

### Pricing

For regions outside Chinese mainland, the unit price is 0.01 USD/GB.

### Billing Example

Assume that during 09:00:00 - 09:59:59, the cross-AZ traffic in the same region of a VPC is 100 GB. The fee is 0.01 USD × (100 GB) = 1 USD. The bill is generated and deducted in the next hour (10:00:00 - 10:59:59). 

### Overdue Policies

- For the first two hours since the account balance drops to 0, the cross-AZ connection remains available and the billing continues.

- Two hours later, if: 

  - the overdue payment is not made, the cross-region service suspends and the billing stops.

  - the payment is made, the service resumes automatically.

## Related Operations

### Activating the feature

This feature is activated by default. You don’t need to activate it manually. 

### Data monitoring

You can check the data on the VPC level.

- Data options 
1. Regional data (Total cross-AZ traffic in this region): Outbound traffic in GB.
2. AZ-based data (Specified source and destination AZs): Outbound traffic in GB.

- Period options: Real-time, 24h, 7 days and custom period

 
 
 
