### What are the billable items in LVB? How can I know what fees I need to pay?
The billable items in LVB include basic billing and value-added billing. Basic billing is for traffic/bandwidth fees, i.e., the fees for downstream traffic/bandwidth generated by connecting users to cache origin servers; in other words, traffic/bandwidth fees will incur as long as your live streaming content is watched. Your can choose to pay for either traffic or bandwidth. To change your option, go to the [LVB Console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/live). For information on unit prices, see [Traffic/Bandwidth Fees].
Value-added billing is for fees of LVB transcoding, recording, screencapturing, and porn detection. These four features are not enabled by default. If they are enabled and used, fees will incur. For information on unit prices, see [Feature Billing].

### Will the LVB service be suspended if my purchased LVB traffic package runs out?
After your purchased LVB traffic package runs out, the billing mode will be automatically switched to pay-as-you-go based on daily traffic, and the LVB service will not be suspended directly. As long as your Tencent Cloud account balance is greater than 0, you can continue to use the service.

### Is upstream push charged?
No. Traffic fees are charged only for downstream push.

### How is LVB transcoding billed? How do I estimate the fees?
LVB transcoding is billed on the basis of the actually used encoding method, transcoding resolution, and transcoding duration. As stream mixing and watermarking are processed by the transcoding module, transcoding fees will also incur. For more information, see [Transcoding Billing].
Transcoding will not be charged on an aggregate basis if the same live stream with the same bitrate is watched by multiple viewers.

### Why is a transcoding bill generated even though I didn't use LVB transcoding?
LVB transcoding includes LVB real-time transcoding, cloud stream mixing, and watermarking. If you use the other two features, transcoding fees will also incur.

### How can I know whether my account has overdue payment?
You can log in to the [LVB console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/live) and click **Fees** at the top right to enter the fees overview page. If your available balance is below 0, your account has overdue payment. To continue using LVB and other services, you need to pay the overdue balance in time.
