## CSS Billing

[](id:live_que1)
### What are the billable items of CSS? How do I figure out what fees I need to pay for?
CSS billable items include basic services and value-added services. Extended service fees will be incurred when value-added features provided jointly by CSS and other Tencent Cloud services are used.

- **Basic service fees**: billed by downstream traffic/bandwidth generated by connecting users to cache origin servers. In other words, traffic/bandwidth fees will be incurred as long as your live streaming content is watched by viewers.
>?CSS provides two billing modes you can choose from: bill-by-traffic and bill-by-bandwidth. For detailed pricing, see “Bill-by-Traffic/Bandwidth” in [Billing Overview](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/267/2818#bill-by-traffic.2Fbandwidth). To switch billing modes, see [Changing Billing Modes](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/267/30411).
- **Value-added service fees**: such services include transcoding, recording, screencapture, and porn detection, which are all disabled by default. If you enable and use them, fees will be incurred. For detailed pricing, see “Value-Added Service Fees” in [CSS Pricing Overview](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/267/2819#value-added-service-fees).
- **Extended service fees**: value-added services provided jointly by CSS and other Tencent Cloud services and charged according to the billing rules of the corresponding services. Using such services will incur extended service fees. For detailed pricing, see “Extended Service Fees” in [CSS Pricing Overview](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/267/2819#extended-service-fees).

[](id:live_que2)
### How can I know whether my account has overdue payments?
You can log in to the [CSS console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/live) and click **Fees** at the top right to enter the fees overview page. If your available balance is below 0, your account has overdue payment. To continue using CSS and other services, you need to pay the overdue balance in time.

[](id:live_que3)
### Will I be charged for upstream push?
- By default, fees are billed by downstream usage. However, upstream usage will also be billed when the ratio of upstream usage and downstream usage is larger than 1:10, and the daily upstream peak bandwidth exceeds 100 Mbps.
- Upstream usage will be billed according to the same billing modes and tiered pricing rules as downstream usage. Billing rules for upstream usage have been applied since 00:00 (UTC+08:00), July 1, 2021.


[](id:live_que4)
### When will value-added service fees start to be billed?
After you enable recording, screencapture, porn detection, watermarking, and other value-added services that are bound with push domain names, fees will be incurred when push starts. After you enable transcoding and other value-added services that are bound with playback domain names, fees will be incurred when playback starts. If you created a transcoding template and bound it with a playback domain name, transcoding fees will not be incurred if there is no playback. Enabling watermarking or stream mix may incur standard transcoding fees, which will be billed by the resolution of the output live streams.

## Transcoding Billing

[](id:tran_que1)
### How is live transcoding billed? How can I estimate the transcoding fees?
Live transcoding is billed by the transcoding codec, resolution, and corresponding duration. As stream mix and watermarking are processed in the transcoding module, using such features will also incur transcoding fees. For details, see [Live Transcoding Billing](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/267/39604).
Transcoding fees will only be charged once if the same live stream is watched by multiple viewers at the same bitrate.

**Example:** suppose you used live transcoding and live watermarking on January 1, 2021, where live stream A was transcoded to `H.264_720P` for 1 hour and live stream B was watermarked at 480p for 30 minutes.
Then, the transcoding fees you would need to pay on January 2, 2021 would be = 0.0325 (CNY/minute) x 60 (minutes) + 0.016 (CNY/minute) x 30 (minutes) = CNY 2.43

[](id:tran_que2)
### Why was a transcoding bill generated when I didn't use live transcoding?
Live transcoding services include live real-time transcoding, stream mix, and watermarking. Using stream mix or watermarking will also incur transcoding fees.

[](id:tran_que3)
### Will live stream mix definitely incur transcoding fees?
Yes. The transcoding fees will be billed according to the output stream after stream mix. As the transcoding resources will be consumed after stream mix is successful, the stream mix duration will be used for billing, regardless of whether the stream is played back. This is different from common transcoding, which is billed by playback duration.



## Live Recording Billing
[](id:record_que1)
### How is live recording billed?
Live recording is billed by the peak number of concurrent recording channels in the current month, and the total number of recording channels in a statistical period is the concurrent channel peak. A single live stream recorded in one file format is counted as one recording channel. If you record in two formats (MP4 and HLS), they will be counted as two recording channels.

[](id:record_que2)
### How is the live recording channel peak calculated?
When one live stream (one stream ID) is recorded in one file format, it will be counted as one live recording channel. The number of current recording channels will be queried once every 5 minutes, and the maximum value of sample points in the current month will be used as the monthly recording channel peak for billing.
**Example:**

<style>#ye{background:#ffe699;}#gr{background:#c6e0b4;}#br{background:#bdd7ee}</style>
<table id="rroad">
<tr><th rowspan=2 width="10%" style="text-align:center;">Stream ID</th>
<th rowspan=2 width="10%" style="text-align:center;">Recording File<br> Format</th>
<th colspan=7 width="50%" style="text-align:center;">Current Month (Day 1-30)</th>
</tr><tr>
<td style="text-align:center;">Day 1</td><td style="text-align:center;">Day 2</td><td style="text-align:center;">Day 3</td>
<td style="text-align:center;">…</td>
<td style="text-align:center;">Day 28</td><td style="text-align:center;">Day 29</td><td style="text-align:center;">Day 30</td>
</tr><tr>
<td rowspan=4 style="text-align:center;">A</td>
<td style="text-align:center;">HLS</td><td></td><td></td><td></td>
<td rowspan=13 style="text-align:center;">Recording is not used</td>
<td id="ye"></td><td id="ye"></td>
<td></td>
</tr><tr>
<td style="text-align:center;">MP4</td><td id="ye"></td><td id="ye"></td><td id="ye"></td><td id="ye"></td><td id="ye"></td><td id="ye"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td style="text-align:center;">FLV</td><td id="ye"></td><td id="ye"></td><td id="ye"></td><td id="ye"></td><td id="ye"></td><td></td>
</tr><tr>
<td style="text-align:center;">AAC</td><td id="ye"></td><td id="ye"></td><td id="ye"></td><td id="ye"></td><td id="ye"></td><td id="ye"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td rowspan=4 style="text-align:center;">B</td>
<td style="text-align:center;">HLS</td><td></td><td id="gr"></td><td id="gr"></td><td id="gr"></td><td></td><td></td>
</tr><tr>
<td style="text-align:center;">MP4</td><td id="gr"></td><td id="gr"></td><td></td><td id="gr"></td><td id="gr"></td><td></td>
</tr><tr>
<td style="text-align:center;">FLV</td><td></td><td id="gr"></td><td></td><td id="gr"></td><td></td><td id="gr"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td style="text-align:center;">AAC</td><td></td><td id="gr"></td><td></td><td id="gr"></td><td></td><td></td>
</tr><tr>
<td rowspan=4 style="text-align:center;">C</td>
<td style="text-align:center;">HLS</td><td id="br"></td><td></td><td id="br"></td><td id="br"></td><td></td><td></td>
</tr><tr>
<td style="text-align:center;">MP4</td><td></td><td></td><td id="br"></td><td id="br"></td><td id="br"></td><td id="br"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td style="text-align:center;">FLV</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td id="br"></td><td></td><td></td>
</tr><tr>
<td style="text-align:center;">AAC</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td id="br"></td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan=2 style="text-align:center;">Recording Channels</td>
<td style="text-align:center;">5</td><td style="text-align:center;">7</td><td style="text-align:center;">6</td><td style="text-align:center;">11</td><td style="text-align:center;">6</td><td style="text-align:center;">5</td>
</tr><tr>
<td colspan=2 style="text-align:center;">Recording Channel Peak</td><td colspan=7 style="text-align:center;">11</td>
</tr>
</table>

>? 
>- Yellow: recording tasks under stream ID **A**.
>- Green: recording tasks under stream ID **B**.
>- Blue: recording tasks under stream ID **C**.




[](id:record_que3)
### Why is 60 CNY charged when I use live recording? 
If two live streams are recorded simultaneously or one live stream is recorded into two file formats, two recording channels will be generated. Recording is billed by the recording channel peak at a price of 30 CNY per channel per month, so if there are two channels in the month, then the fees will be 60 CNY. For more information, please see [Live Recording Billing](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/267/39605).
We recommend you go to **Bill Details** > **[Bill by Instance](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/expense/bill/summary)** in the Billing Center to check the billing details for live recording. You can click **Bill Details** in the **Operation** column to view the actual recording channel peak of the last month.

