## CISPE Data Protection Code of Conduct Certification

Tencent Cloud has been certified by the Code of Conduct of the Cloud Infrastructure Services Providers in Europe (CISPE) for personal data protection, becoming the first cloud service provider in China to earn this certification. As the only non-profit organization in the EU that currently provides certification services with the code of conduct on data protection to cloud service providers, CISPE composed its Code of Conduct based on GDPR compliance requirements. The acquisition of this certification not only is a manifestation of Tencent Cloud's comprehensive strengths, but also demonstrates that Tencent Cloud is an ideal partner in terms of business data compliance services for companies marching into the global market.
For more information, please see [CISPE Public Register](https://cispe.cloud/publicregister/).
### What is GDPR?
The European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is called the most stringent data protection regulation in history because of its strict protection of personal data and severe penalties for non-compliance. After it entered into force on May 25, 2018, any company that will interact with users in the EU shall be certified for compliance before they can conduct businesses within the EU.
### What is CISPE?
As the union of cloud computing leaders in Europe, CISPE is committed to serving millions of customers in Europe. Based on the recently implemented GDPR, the CISPE Code of Conduct for personal data protection ensures that compliant cloud computing providers will not access or use customer data for their own purposes and will improve their compliance with GDPR requirements.
Tencent Cloud always remains committed to the motto that data is customer's important asset and it will never access customer's data without prior authorization. In the face of new EU regulations, the cloud services currently provided by Tencent Cloud have been certified for compliance with the CISPE Code of Conduct.
