
Tencent Cloud plans to discontinue the cross-region interconnection service of Peer Connection from October 31, 2023 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8). Please migrate your cross-region VPC connections to [Cloud Connect Network](https://www.tencentcloud.com/document/product/1003) before April 7, 2023 (See <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/553/47418" target="_blank">Migrating the Cross-Region Interconnection Service to CCN</a>). After that, existing cross-region peering connections will be deleted gradually. If you want to retain the cross-region peering connections under your account, please submit a ticket. See below for the plan of deletion: 
1. From March 15, 2023 00:00 to October 31, 2023 00:00, cross-region peering connections meeting any of the conditions below are deleted. 
 - In the route table of the VPC associated with the peering connection, there is no custom route pointing to the peering connection for 30 consecutive days.
 - No traffic goes through the connection for over 90 consecutive days.
2. After October 31, 2023 00:00, all cross-region peering connections are ceased and will be deleted by Tencent Cloud.

For any questions, please contact your sales rep or [submit a ticket](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/workorder/category). 
## Migrating to CCN
 Tencent Cloud provides different migration plans for different scenarios in [Migrating Cross-Region Interconnection Service to CCN](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/553/47418).
	- Choose a plan suitable for your business
	- Create a CCN instance
	- Migrate your service to CCN
	- Test the connection
	- Delete the original peering connection


## Advantages of CCN
<table>
<tr>
<th>Item</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Performance</td>
<td>Low latency. Interconnection via the shortest path avoids the impact of linkage congestion caused by bypassing the public network.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Price </td>
<td>The price of CCN cross-region connection is lower than Peering Connection.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Expansion</td>
<td>Feature the public and private network interconnection of CCN resources.</td>
</tr>
</table>


## Most Asked
### What if I don’t migrate to CCN?
The cross-region interconnection service of Peer Connection will be discontinued from October 31, 2023 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8). If your connections are not migrated to CCN, your services using these connections will be unavailable. 

### What should I do if I don’t want to use the cross-region peering connections?
You can delete the peering connection in the console as instructed in [Deleting a Peering Connection](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/553/18848).

### What exactly does a cross-region peering connection refer to?
The peering connections connect two VPCs through the private network and are divided into intra-region and cross-region connections based on the VPC regions. Tencent Cloud is going to discontinue the cross-region peering connection.

### Will the intra-region peering connection be discontinued?
No. Only the cross-region peering connection will be discontinued.

### What will happen to the peering connections not in used?
Starting from March 15, 2023 00:00 (UTC+8), cross-region peering connections without traffic in the last 90 days are be frozen and suspended for 31 days, After that, the connection are terminated. The connections cannot be recovered and all routes pointed to the connections are deleted at the same time.

### Does the migration affect the running of my business?
No. The migration plans in [Migrating the Cross-Region Interconnection Service to CCN](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/553/47418). The migration may be jittery, but will not cause service suspension.	
- VPCs are interconnected when the two-way routes between VPCs are directed to the peering connection and CCN instances separately.
- One or two packets may be lost when routing is enabled.

### Do I need to pay more after migrating to CCN?
No. Actually CCN is more cost-effective under the same service availability (99.95%). CCN provides three service levels. For more details, see [CCN Pricing](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1003/30053).
The bandwidth price comparison between Peering Connection and CCN in the Chinese mainland regions is as follows. For the price of CCN connections between non-Chinese mainland regions, please contact your sales rep.
<table>
<tr>
<th>Tier (Mbps)</th>
<th>Peering Connection - Daily Peak (USD/Mbps/Day; 99.95% SLA)</th>
<th>Peering Connection - Monthly 95th Percentile (USD/Mbps/month; 99.95% SLA)</th>
<th>CCN - Monthly 95th Percentile (USD/Mbps/month; 99.95% SLA)</th>
<th>CCN - Monthly 95th Percentile (USD/Mbps/month; 99.5% SLA)</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>(0,10]</td>
<td>3.19</td>
<td>85</td>
<td>37</td>
<td>28</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>(10,20]</td>
<td>3.19</td>
<td>63</td>
<td>37</td>
<td>28</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>(20,50]</td>
<td>1.98</td>
<td>43</td>
<td>37</td>
<td>28</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>(50,100]</td>
<td>1.98</td>
<td>34</td>
<td>37</td>
<td>28</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>(100,200]</td>
<td>1.48</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>13</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>(200,500]</td>
<td>1.48</td>
<td>18</td>
<td>13</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>(500,1000]</td>
<td>1.19</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>13</td>
<td>10</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>(1000,2000]</td>
<td>1.19</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>9</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Above 2000</td>
<td>0.82</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>9</td>
<td>7</td>
</tr>
</table>

​	





