## Billing Method

Cloud Infinite (CI) is **postpaid** on a **pay-as-you-go** basis. The bill for the current month will be issued between the 3rd to 7th day of the next month, and the fee will be deducted from your account balance.

The storage service for CI is based on Cloud Object Storage (COS), and therefore the storage fee will be included in the COS bill. For more information, see [COS Product Pricing](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/436/6239).


## Freezing Mechanism
Once the bill for the current month is settled, an amount equal to 120% of the bill amount of the current month will be frozen for your account. When it is time to settle the bill for the next month, the frozen amount will be unfrozen, and then the bill amount will be deducted from your account balance.


<span id="Billing items"></span>
## Billing Items
CI fees include **the basic image processing fee** and **the traffic fee**. The following describes each billing item and its pricing in detail.


### Basic image processing fee

The basic image processing fee occurs when images are processed during downloading or persistence operations. For more information on this feature, see [Feature Overview](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1045/33424).

- Basic image processing is pay-as-you-go and billed **monthly**.
- Basic image processing is charged based on the original image size. For example, performing transcoding on an image with an original size of 4 MB charges you for 4 MB of data processed.
- The pricing of basic image processing is **0.01 USD/GB**.

### Traffic fee

Billable traffic includes **CDN origin-pull traffic** and **public network outbound traffic**. Currently, CI does not charge for inbound traffic. Traffic prices are tiered and incremental. The following table lists the prices and their descriptions.
- Inbound traffic: generated by uploading data to CI.
- CDN origin-pull traffic: generated by accessing CI through Tencent Cloud CDN via CDN origin-pull.
- Public network outbound traffic: generated by accessing through CI domain name links.

**China**

<table>
   <tr>
         <th colspan=1 rowspan=2><center>Region</center></th>
     <th colspan=3><center>Traffic fee (USD/GB)</center></th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <th>Inbound traffic</th>
      <th>CDN origin-pull traffic</th>
      <th>Public network outbound traffic</th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Beijing,Shanghai,Guangzhou,Nanjing,Chongqing,Chengdu </td>
      <td>Free</td>
      <td>0.02</td>
      <td>0.1</td>
   </tr>
</table>


**Hong Kong (China) and other regions outside mainland China**


<table>
   <tr>
	 <th colspan=1 rowspan=2><center>Region</center></th>
     <th colspan=3><center>Traffic fee (USD/GB)</center></th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <th>Inbound traffic</th>
      <th>CDN origin-pull traffic</th>
      <th>Public network outbound traffic</th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Singapore</td>
      <td>Free</td>
      <td>0.072</td>
      <td>0.072</td>
   </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Toronto, Canada</td>
      <td>Free</td>
      <td>0.07</td>
      <td>0.07</td>
   </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Moscow, Russia</td>
      <td>Free</td>
      <td>0.07</td>
      <td>0.07</td>
   </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Mumbai, India</td>
      <td>Free</td>
      <td>0.1</td>
      <td>0.1</td>
   </tr>
      <tr>
      <td>Hong Kong, China</td>
      <td>Free</td>
      <td>0.08</td>
      <td>0.08</td>
   </tr>
</table>


>Traffic generated by transferring data through CDN to user terminals is billed based on CDN pricing instead of CI. For more information, see [CDN Billing](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/228/2949).


