## Overview

The COS batch operation feature allows you to perform large-scale batch operations on objects in a bucket. With this feature, you can now perform the following operations in batches:

- Copying objects
- Restoring archived objects

You can generate an inventory file for the objects on which to perform a batch operation by using either COS inventory (you need to first enable the inventory feature as instructed in [Setting Inventory](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/436/30624)), or the CSV format you specify. COS will then perform this batch operation based on the inventory file. For more information on batch operations, see [Batch Operation Overview](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/436/32958).

## Directions

1. Log in to the [COS console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/cos5).
2. On the left sidebar, click **Batch Operation** to enter the batch operation management page.
3. Click **Create Job** to create a batch operation job.

The configuration items are as described below:
 - **Job Region**: Select a region for the job. It must be the same as the bucket region where the objects in your inventory file reside; otherwise, the job will fail.
>? Currently, COS batch operation is only available in public cloud regions in Chinese mainland and Silicon Valley region.
>
 - **Inventory Format**: Select a format for the objects to be inventoried from the following two options:
<table>
   <tr>
      <th>Inventory Format</th>
      <th>Field</th>
      <th>Configuration Description</th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td nowrap="nowrap">COS inventory report</td>
      <td>-</td>
      <td>You can use an inventory report generated by COS as the inventory file or create your own inventory file in CSV format.</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td rowspan="3">CSV</td>
      <td>Bucket</td>
      <td>Bucket name</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Key</td>
      <td>Name of the object in a bucket. The object name encoded in URL format must be decoded and then can be used properly.</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>VersionId</td>
      <td>Object version ID. If versioning is enabled for a bucket, COS will assign a version ID to each object added to the bucket. If you don't want to inventory the latest version of an object, you can specify a particular version ID.</td>
   </tr>
</table>
 -**Inventory Bucket**: Select the bucket where the inventory file is stored.
 -**Inventory File Path**: Specify the path of COS inventory report or CSV file in the format: `directory/manifest.json` or `directory/manifest.csv`, respectively. For example, if you have an inventory file stored in the `examplebucket-1250000000` root directory, the inventory path will be `manifest.json`. 
4. Click **Next** and select the job type.

The configuration items are as described below:
  - **Batch data copy**:
    - Destination Bucket: Select the bucket to store the object copies.
    - Prefix Operation: You can choose to add, replace, or delete the prefix on the object copies.
    - Storage Class: Specify the storage class for object copies. Valid values: STANDARD; STANDARD_IA; ARCHIVE.
    - Server-Side Encryption: Specify whether to encrypt the object copies. Valid values: None; SSE-COS.
    - Access Permission: Set access permissions to the object copies. Valid values: Copy all permissions; Replace all permissions; Add new permissions.
    - Object Metadata: Configure metadata for the object copies. Valid values: Copy all metadata; Replace all metadata; Add new metadata.
    - Object Tag: Configure tags for the object copies. Valid values: Copy all tags; Replace all tags; Add new tags.
  - **Restored archived objects in batches**:
    - Restoration Mode: You can select either standard or bulk mode. For more information on restoration modes, see [Restoring Archived Objects](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/436/30961).
    - Validity: Specify the number of days after which the object copies will expire and be automatically deleted. Value range: 1-365.
5. Click **Next** and configure the following options.

 - **Job Description (optional)**: Description of the job. This field can be empty.
 - **Job Priority**: A job of a higher priority will be performed first. The value must be a positive integer. A larger value indicates a higher priority.
 - **Job Report**: Select whether to generate a job report.
 - **CAM Role**: You can create a CAM role or select an existing role to grant operation permissions to COS.
>!For COS to perform batch operations, you need to use a CAM role to grant permissions. For more information on CAM roles, see [Role Overview](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/598/19420).
>
6. Click **Next**, check the batch operation job configuration you set, and select **If you select this option, the job will be directly started after creation. Make sure that the above configuration information is correct.** as needed.
To modify the information, click **Modify** or **Previous**.

7. After confirming that everything is correct, click **Create** or **Create and Start**.
Once completed, you can find the new job in the job list. If you want to cancel the job, click **Cancel Job** under **Operation**.



