## Subtitle Platform Service
### Step 1: Registration
Users can create an account with their e-mail addresses, or login directly with third party accounts (e.g., WeChat). For enterprise users, please contact our business team to activate your enterprise account.
### Step 2: Video upload
User uploads their video locally, and the system transcodes the video swiftly before generating subtitles and translating them into the target language.
### Step 3: Subtitle editing
User can edit freely and upload the subtitles file in SRT or VTT format locally, or they can drag the timeline or edit the subtitles generated by the system directly and save the file in a format supported by the system.
### Step 4: Subtitle compression
Once the subtitles editing is done, user can select the corresponding subtitles file for video compression.

## Tencent's Professional Translation
### Step 1: User submits translation request
Users submit their translation requests to the AI Transfy translation team for assessment.
### Step 2: Translation team provides cost estimate. The parties sign an agreement
Having considered the details of the request and complexity of the content, the AI Transfy human translation team will confirm the order and provide a quotation. The parties will then sign an agreement.
### Step 3: Professional translation
The AI Transfy human translation team will work on the content translation.
### Step 4: Submission and review
The AI Transfy human translation team will submit the translation draft, and users will check the subtitles on the Transfy platform.