The monitoring overview module is an entry through which you can view the overall monitoring information of Tencent Cloud services. It displays the statistics of monitored objects in the last 7 days, which mainly consists of the following:

## Number of unresolved alarms
It displays the number of unresolved alarms in the last month, which are grouped by alarm policy type.

## CVM load statistics in the last 7 days

This section displays the CVM load statistics in the last 7 days, which are calculated based on the CPU utilization of each CVM instance. If the utilization exceeds 80%, the CVM has a high load. If below 10%, the load is low. Otherwise, the load is normal.

The figure shows the numbers of CVM instances with high, medium, and low load in the last 7 days. The Cloud Monitor backend collects the numbers of instances with high and low load once every day, and displays the statistics as curves.

## CVM high load details in the last 7 days
This section displays the CVM high load statistics in the last 7 days, which are calculated based on the CPU utilization of each CVM instance. If the utilization exceeds 80%, the CVM has a high load.

- High load duration: total duration when the instance had a high load in the last 7 days.
- Number of high load occurrences: total number of times that the instance entered high load status in the last 7 days.

These statistics helps you quickly view and troubleshoot CVM exceptions, ensuring the normal operation of your business.

## Public network bandwidth statistics in the last hour
This section displays the overall public network bandwidth data of **all CVM instances** (excluding public network bandwidth generated by other products) under your account in the last hour. These statistics helps you quickly view the status of the server cluster that provides external services, and estimate the corresponding network fee.

To view more public network bandwidth statistics, go to the [Data Usage Monitoring](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/monitor/flow) page in the Cloud Monitoring Console.
