## Introduction
A **region** is an area where a Tencent Cloud managed data center is deployed. COS data is stored in buckets in these regions. You can use COS to store your data in multiple regions. In general, you are recommended to create buckets in the region closest to the location where your business is conducted so as to reduce latency and cost and meet the compliance requirements.

For example, if your business is distributed in South China, creating buckets in the Guangzhou region can further accelerate object uploads and downloads.

The **default domain name** refers to the default domain name of a COS bucket which is automatically generated by the system based on the bucket name and region when the bucket is created. It varies by region.


> 
>- After a bucket is created, the corresponding default domain name will be generated, which can be viewed in **Basic Configuration** of the bucket in the [COS Console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/cos5).
>- The finance cloud regions cannot interconnect with other public cloud regions.

### Mainland China

<table>
   <tr>
	 <th colspan=3><center>Region</center></th>
      <th>Region Abbreviation</th>
      <th>Default Domain Name (Upload/Download/Management)</th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td rowspan=10>Mainland China</td>
      <td rowspan=7 nowrap="nowrap">Public cloud regions</td>
      <td nowrap="nowrap">Beijing Zone 1 (sold out)</td>
      <td>ap-beijing-1</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.ap-beijing-1.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Beijing</td>
      <td>ap-beijing</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.ap-beijing.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>  
   <tr>
      <td>Nanjing</td>
      <td>ap-nanjing</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.ap-nanjing.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Shanghai (East China)</td>
      <td>ap-shanghai</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.ap-shanghai.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Guangzhou (South China)</td>
      <td>ap-guangzhou</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.ap-guangzhou.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Chengdu (Southwest China)</td>
      <td>ap-chengdu</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.ap-chengdu.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Chongqing</td>
      <td>ap-chongqing</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.ap-chongqing.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td rowspan=3 nowrap="nowrap">Finance cloud regions</td>
      <td>Shenzhen Finance</td>
      <td nowrap="nowrap">ap-shenzhen-fsi</td>
      <td nowrap="nowrap">&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.ap-shenzhen-fsi.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Shanghai Finance</td>
      <td nowrap="nowrap">ap-shanghai-fsi</td>
      <td nowrap="nowrap">&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.ap-shanghai-fsi.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Beijing Finance</td>
      <td nowrap="nowrap">ap-beijing-fsi</td>
      <td nowrap="nowrap">&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.ap-beijing-fsi.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
</table>



### Outside Mainland China

<table>
   <tr>
	 <th colspan=3><center>Region</center></th>
      <th>Region Abbreviation</th>
      <th>Default Domain Name (Upload/Download/Management)</th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td rowspan=6>Asia Pacific</td>
      <td rowspan=11 nowrap="nowrap">Public cloud regions</td>
      <td>Hong Kong (China)</td>
      <td>ap-hongkong</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.ap-hongkong.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Singapore</td>
      <td>ap-singapore</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.ap-singapore.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Mumbai</td>
      <td>ap-mumbai</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.ap-mumbai.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Seoul</td>
      <td>ap-seoul</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.ap-seoul.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Bangkok</td>
      <td>ap-bangkok</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.ap-bangkok.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Tokyo</td>
      <td>ap-tokyo</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.ap-tokyo.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td rowspan=3>North America</td>
      <td>Silicon Valley</td>
      <td>na-siliconvalley</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.na-siliconvalley.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Virginia</td>
      <td>na-ashburn</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.na-ashburn.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Toronto</td>
      <td>na-toronto</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.na-toronto.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td rowspan=2>Europe</td>
      <td>Frankfurt</td>
      <td>eu-frankfurt</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.eu-frankfurt.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Moscow</td>
      <td>eu-moscow</td>
      <td>&lt;BucketName-APPID&gt;.cos.eu-moscow.myqcloud.com</td>
   </tr>
</table>

### Example
Assume that you log in to the COS Console using your root account (APPID: 1250000000) and create a bucket named `examplebucket` in the **Guangzhou** region, then the default domain name of the bucket is as follows:

```shell
examplebucket-1250000000.cos.ap-guangzhou.myqcloud.com
```

Here:
- examplebucket-1250000000 means that the bucket is owned by the user with APPID 1250000000. APPID is the account you get after you successfully register on Tencent Cloud. It is automatically assigned by the system as a unique permanent ID, which can be viewed in [Account Information](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/developer).
- cos means Cloud Object Storage (COS).
- ap-guangzhou is the abbreviation of the bucket region.
- myqcloud.com is a fixed Tencent Cloud domain name.

## Private Network and Public Network Access

The access domain names of COS use intelligent domain name resolution, so that your requests to COS can be routed through the optimal linkage in case of cross-ISP access.

If you deploy a service in Tencent Cloud to access COS, intra-region access requests will be automatically directed to a private network address. Cross-region requests do not support private network access for the time being and will be resolved to a public network address by default.

For more information on private network and public network access, please see [Creating Request Overview](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/436/30613).

