**Commercialization** of Cloud Block Storage (CBS) Snapshot service started at 0:00 on January 22, 2019 for Tencent Cloud China, and will start at 0:00 on March 1, 2019 for Tencent Cloud International. After the commercial launch, all existing and new snapshots will be billed based on the storage capacity used by the snapshots.
> The underlying data storage of [images](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/4940) uses the CBS Snapshot service; therefore, keeping custom images will take up a certain amount of snapshot capacity and incur fees.

## Commercialization Details
### Snapshot Commercialization Dates and Scopes
The commercialization covers all Tencent Cloud China and Tencent Cloud International users.
For Tencent Cloud China,
- At 0:00 on January 22, 2019, commercialization kicks off for Asia Pacific (Tokyo).
- At 0:00 on January 23, 2019, commercialization kicks off for Southeast Asia (Hong Kong) and other global regions.
- At 0:00 on January 24, 2019, commercialization kicks off for South China (Shenzhen Finance), South China (Guangzhou Open) and East China (Shanghai Finance).
- At 0:00 on January 25, 2019, commercialization kicks off for North China (Beijing), East China (Shanghai), South China (Guangzhou), Southwest China (Chengdu) and Southwest China (Chongqing).

For Tencent Cloud International, the commercialization starts from March 1, 2019.

### What Upgraded Services Will Be Available After Commercialization?
After the Snapshot service is commercialized, Tencent Cloud will provide better services to all users.
> The values listed in the table below are the maximum values supported in the same region under a single Tencent Cloud account.

| Improvement | Before Commercialization | After Commercialization |
|---------|---------|---------|
| Number of snapshots | 0 + cloud disks in the region \* 7 | 64 + cloud disks in the region \* 64 |
| Total snapshot capacity | 20 TB | 50 TB |
| Number of periodic snapshot policies | 20 | 30 |
| Number of cloud disks that can be bound to each periodic snapshot policy | 100 | 200 |
| Maximum cloud disk capacity supported by each periodic snapshot | 1000 GB | 16 TB |

### Snapshots and Images
- The underlying data storage of images uses the CBS Snapshot service, i.e., the system automatically generates an associated snapshot when an image is created. An image and a snapshot associated with it are in a binding relationship, so if you want to delete the associated snapshot, you need to [delete the image](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/6036) first. You can view the information of the snapshot associated with a custom image in the image details.
- When using a shared image, only the creator of the image needs to pay for the snapshot.
- An associated snapshot generated by a custom image is billed by the actual capacity of the snapshot. You can view the total snapshot capacity in the snapshot overview.
- A Tencent Cloud account that is in arrears will be unable to create a custom image. Please ensure that your Tencent Cloud account has sufficient balance before creating an image.

### Snapshot Billing
- Billing method: The Snapshot service is billed based on the total storage capacity of your snapshots in each region separately. Currently, the service is **pay-as-you-go** and billed at each o'clock.
- Prices: Snapshot prices vary by region. For details, see [Pricing Overview](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/362/2413).
- Freezing policy: Once your Tencent Cloud account falls into arrears, snapshot-related operations will be immediately disabled, such as creation, rollback, cross-region replication and periodic snapshot policies. All snapshots will be deleted after 30 days of account arrears.

### Complimentary Quota
After the commercialization of the Snapshot service, Tencent Cloud will keep providing users in all regions in mainland China with a certain amount of complimentary quota. As long as the user has cloud disks in normal state (not "to be repossessed" or "terminated"), the user can use 50 GB of snapshot capacity free of charge. Our statistics show that more than 80% of current snapshot users are within the complimentary quota range. Users exceeding the quota need to pay for the storage capacity occupied by the snapshot data.
> After the commercialization, the Snapshot service will be billed based on the actual data size of the snapshots instead of the associated cloud disk size. The total capacity of the former is generally much smaller than that of the latter, subject to the size of data difference between each snapshot in the snapshot chain.

## Manually Created Snapshots and Periodic Snapshots
Tencent Cloud provides two ways to create snapshots.
- Manually created snapshots: You can manually back up the data of the cloud disk at a certain point in time into snapshots and create multiple copies of the same cloud disk or restore the cloud disk to the state at the point in time. For details, see [Creating a Snapshot](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/362/5755).
- Periodic snapshots: Periodic snapshots can be used to provide continuous backups as your businesses continues to update. To continuously back up the cloud disk data in a certain period of time, you only need to create a backup policy and associate cloud disks to it, which greatly improves data security. For details, see Periodic Snapshots.

<a id="reduceoverhead"></a>
## How to Effectively Reduce the Snapshot Costs After Commercialization?
### For Users Who Plan to Continue Using Snapshots
- Delete snapshots that are no longer in use.
- Delete custom images and their associated snapshots that are no longer in use.
- Lower the frequency of snapshot creation for non-core businesses.
- Shorten the snapshot retention period for non-core businesses.

| Business scenario | Snapshot frequency | Recommended snapshot retention period |
|---------|---------|---------|
| Core businesses | Periodic snapshots are recommended at the frequency of once per day | 7 - 30 days |
| Non-core, non-data businesses | Periodic snapshots are recommended at the frequency of once per week | 7 days |
| Archiving businesses | It is recommended to manually create snapshots based on actual business needs with no fixed frequency required | One to several months |
| Testing businesses | It is recommended to manually create snapshots based on actual business needs with no fixed frequency required | Delete promptly after use |

### For Users Who Plan to Stop Using Snapshots
- Check and delete existing snapshots: Check the existing snapshots by region and delete them.
- Check and delete existing custom images and their associated snapshots: Check the existing custom images by region, delete them and then delete the their associated snapshots.
- Check and modify the periodic snapshot policies: Check the existing periodic policies by region, delete them or set them to unavailable so as to avoid further generation of new periodic snapshots.
