## Introduction
When creating Ingress using the HTTPS listening protocol, please choose a suitable server certificate to ensure access security. This document describes content related to the use of Ingress certificates. Certificate-related annotations are as follows:

- `kubernetes.io/ingress.http-rules`
- `kubernetes.io/ingress.https-rules`
- `kubernetes.io/ingress.rule-mix`
- `qcloud_cert_id` (Read only)

## Considerations

- `qcloud_cert_id` in Ingress annotation is read-only. It lets you quickly see the corresponding certificate ID for the current Ingress.
- The Secret certificate resource must be put in the same namespace as the Ingress resource.
- When creating the Ingress, a Secret certificate resource with the same name will be created automatically. If the Secret resource name already exists, the Ingress cannot be created.
- By default, an Ingress in TKE does not use a Secret that is in use. However, a Secret certificate can be used by multiple Ingresses. Note that updating a Secret updates all relevant Ingress certificates. 

## Directions

### Using certificates in the console

1. Log in to the CLB console and click [**Certificate Management**](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/clb/cert) in the left sidebar. On the **Certificate Management** page, create a certificate.
2. See [Creating an Ingress](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/457/30673) for more information about completing the creation of an Ingress.
In this step, select **Http:443** in the listener port and select the suitable server certificate.

>
> -  When HTTPS service is enabled for an Ingress created in the console, a Secret resource with the same name will be created to store the certificate ID. Then, this Secret is used and listened to in the Ingress.
> - When you modify a certificate in the TKE console, the certificate of the current Ingress is modified. Note that if multiple Ingresses are using the same Secret, the certificates of the CLBs corresponding to these Ingresses will also be modified.
> - After modifying a certificate in the CLB console, be sure to follow the steps of [modifying a certificate](#ModifySecret) to modify the Secret certificate resource with the same name, which is generated by the console by default when creating an Ingress with the certificate. Otherwise, the certificate of the Ingress continues to use the previous version, and the certificate update fails.


### Kubectl guide

#### Configuring a certificate and creating an HTTPS service<span id="CreatingSecret"></span>

1. Run the following command to calculate the ID of certifiate "XczRzegn".
```yaml
echo -n "XczRzegn" | base64
```
The returned result is as follows:
```
WGN6UnplZ24=
```
1. Create Secret resources
 - Base64 manual encoding. The YAML example is as follows:
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
data:
  qcloud_cert_id: WGN6UnplZ24= ## Set the certificate ID to XczRzegn
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: tencent-com-cert
  namespace: default
type: Opaque
```
 - Base64 automatic encoding: when creating, use `stringData` for declaration, avoiding manual Base64 encoding. The YAML example is as follows:
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
stringData:
  qcloud_cert_id: XczRzegn
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: tencent-com-cert
  namespace: default
type: Opaque
```
2. Create an Ingress resource.
When creating an Ingress resource, specify the backend Service as `sample-service:80`, and the specify `secretName` as `tencent-com-cert`. The YAML example is as follows:
<pre>
<span class="hljs-section">apiVersion: extensions/v1beta1</span>
<span class="hljs-section">kind: Ingress</span>
<span class="hljs-section">metadata:</span>
     annotations:
       kubernetes.io/ingress.class: qcloud
       qcloud_cert_id: XczRzegn
     name: sample-ingress
     namespace: default
<span class="hljs-section">spec:</span>
     rules:
     - http:
         paths:
         - backend:
             serviceName: sample-service
             servicePort: 80
         path: /
     tls:
     - secretName: tencent-com-cert
</pre>


#### Modifying a certificate<span id="ModifySecret"></span>

1. Execute the following command to use the default editor to open the Secret that needs to be modified.
```
kubectl edit secrets
```
This document takes the Secret in [Creating a Secret Resource](#CreatingSecret) as an example. Execute the following command:
```
kubectl edit secrets tencent-com-cert
```
2. Modify the Secret resource, and change the value of `qcloud_cert_id` to the new certificate ID.
> Similar to the creation of a Secret, modifying a Secret certificate ID requires Base64 encoding. Select Base64 manual encoding or specify `stringData` to perform Base64 automatic encoding according to your actual requirements.


#### Mixed Rule Configuration

TKE Ingress Controller supports mixed configuration of HTTP/HTTPS rules. The steps are as follows:
1. Enable mixed rules
Set `kubernetes.io/ingress.rule-mix` to True.
When the Ingress template does not have TLS configured, no certificate resources are provided. All rules are exposed as HTTP services, and the preceding annotations do not take effect.
2. Match rules
Match each rule in Ingress with `kubernetes.io/ingress.http-rules` and `kubernetes.io/ingress.https-rules`, and add them to the corresponding rule set. If the rules in Ingress are not matched, they are added to the HTTPS rule set by default.
3. Verify matches
When matching, verify the Host, Path, ServiceName, ServicePort (in these, Host is `VIP` by default, and Path is `/` by default).
Note that IPv6 CLBs do not have the feature for providing default domain names.

#### YAML sample

Refer to the following YAML sample to enable mixed rules and to configure the backend service to be open to HTTP/HTTPS services.
```yaml
apiVersion: extensions/v1beta1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  annotations:
    kubernetes.io/ingress.http-rules: '[{"host":"www.tencent.com","path":"/","backend":{"serviceName":"sample-service","servicePort":"80"}}]'
    kubernetes.io/ingress.https-rules: '[{"host":"www.tencent.com","path":"/","backend":{"serviceName":"sample-service","servicePort":"80"}}]'
    kubernetes.io/ingress.rule-mix: "true"
    kubernetes.io/ingress.class: qcloud
    qcloud_cert_id: XczRzegn
  name: sample-ingress
  namespace: default
spec:
  rules:
  - host: www.tencent.com
    http:
      paths:
      - backend:
          serviceName: sample-service
          servicePort: 80
        path: /
  tls:
  - secretName: tencent-com-cert
```

## FAQs
- Can I modify `tls.secretName` in an Ingress to point to a different Secret resource?
Yes. After updating, the new certificate specified in the Secret will be quickly synchronized to the CLB corresponding to the Ingress.

- How do I obtain the certificate ID?
Log in to the CLB console and click **[Certificate Management](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/clb/cert)** in the left sidebar. Then, you can obtain the ID on the **Certificate Management** page.

## Reference

For more information, see the official Kubernetes documentation [Secret](https://kubernetes.io/zh/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/).



