Tencent Cloud will start to clean up inaccurate filing information in the near future. According to the Network Security Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Measures for Administration of Internet Information Services, the Measures for the Administration of the Filing of Non-operational Internet Information Services and other relevant laws and regulations as well as the provisions of the Work Plan of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for Further Implementing the Verification of the Authenticity of Website Filing Information (Trial), Tencent Cloud will further regulate the website filing submission and authenticity verification works in order to ensure that the filing information meet the accuracy requirements of the regulatory authorities. The cleaning up work requirements are as follows: 

## I. Cleaning Up Inaccurate Filing Information 
According to Article 14 of the Measures for Administration of the Filing of Non-operational Internet Information Services, any person who needs to change the website filing information shall complete the filing change procedures 30 days in advance. Following the issuance of this notice, users of Tencent Cloud shall check the filing information in accordance with the following steps. If there is any change to the information or that the authenticity verification materials for website filing information are incomplete, please make change or supplement promptly. 
1. Whether the applicant information is authentic and accurate: The entity applicant’s name, the entity applicant’s certificate number and address shall be consistent with the registered information of the relevant effective certificates. 
2. Whether the contact information is authentic and accurate: The landline phone number and mobile phone number of the applicant’s in-charge person and the landline phone number and mobile phone number of the website’s in-charge person shall be the phone numbers of the relevant persons in charge on record for the filing, and such persons shall be reachable by such phone numbers. 
3. Whether the authenticity verification materials for website filing information are authentic and complete: including the valid certificates of the entity applicant, the valid certificates of the applicant’s in-charge person and website’s in-charge person, the curtain-based verification photo of the website’s in-charge person, the authenticity verification form, etc.
4. Whether the domain name is within the validity period of registration: The registration of the filed domain name has expired; the filed domain name has been disabled or transferred to other person; or the domain name owner is inconsistent with the website filing applicant’s in-charge person. 
5. Whether the website content is consistent with the filing information: Under the following circumstances, it is considered that the website content is inconsistent with the filing information:
1. The applicant is a natural person, but the website content is for an enterprise; 
2. The filing is made by an enterprise, but the website content and the information of the filing enterprise are inconsistent;
3. The website involves content requiring prior approval, but the documents for prior approval have not been obtained or uploaded. 

## II. Specific Modification Plan 
1. If your information for successful filing on Tencent Cloud is unqualified, please log in the filing management system to change the relevant filing. Link of filing change flowchart: https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/243/9714
2. If your access information is unqualified, please log in the filing management system to submit the access filing application. Link of access filing flowchart: https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/243/9623
3. Modification plan for unqualified website content: 
1. If the personal filing is actually for an enterprise, please log in the filing management system to submit the filing change which shall change the applicant to “enterprise”; 
2. Modify the website content to ensure the consistency with the filing information. 

**Tencent Cloud will also provide notice on the problematic filing information upon issuance of this notice. Relevant users shall make prompt modification according to the notice, so as to avoid the risk of having their filings canceled and website closed by the relevant authorities due to the breach related to the false and inaccurate filing information.**
