CBS snapshot underwent beta test since 2016, and launched **formal commercialization** on Tencent Cloud China from 00:00, January 22, 2019 and on Tencent Cloud International from March 1, 2019. After commercialization, all the existing and new snapshots will be charged by the used capacity.
> [Images](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/4940) use the CBS snapshot service for data storage. As a result, retaining custom images occupies capacity of your snapshot and incurs costs.

## Commercialization Details
### Snapshot commercialization date and scope
The snapshot commercialization applies to all users on Tencent Cloud China and Tencent Cloud International.
Snapshot was commercialized on Tencent Cloud China at the specific point in time below:
- 00:00, January 22, 2019, Northeast Asia Pacific (Tokyo) formally commercialized.
- 00:00 January 23, 2019, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, China (Hong Kong), and other regions outside Mainland China formally commercialized.
- 00:00, January 24, 2019, South China (Shenzhen Finance), South China (Guangzhou Open), and East China (Shanghai Finance) formally commercialized.
- 00:00, January 25, 2019, North China (Beijing), East China (Shanghai), South China (Guangzhou), and Southwest China (Chengdu and Chongqing) formally commercialized.

Snapshot was commercialized on Tencent Cloud International since March 1, 2019.

### Service upgrades after commercialization
After snapshot commercialization, Tencent Cloud will provide users with better service.
>Listed below are maximum values supported in the same region under a single Tencent Cloud account.

| Upgrade | Before Commercialization | After Commercialization|
|---------|---------|---------|
| Number of snapshots | 7 times the number of CBS disk in the region | Each CBS disk can save up to 64 snapshots. Please take note of the number of snapshots and delete unnecessary ones to free up space |
| Total snapshot capacity | 20 TB | No limit |
| Number of scheduled snapshot policies | 20 | 30 |
| Number of cloud disks that can be bound to a scheduled snapshot policy | 100 | 200 |
| Maximum cloud disk capacity supported by scheduled snapshots | 1000 GB | 16 TB |

### Snapshots and images
- Images use CBS snapshot service for data storage. When an image is created, a snapshot is automatically generated and bound to the image accordingly. To delete the snapshot, you must first [delete the image](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/6036). You can check image details for information about the snapshot that is associated with the custom image.
- When using shared images, only the Tencent Cloud account that created the shared image needs to pay for associated snapshot fees. The shared user does not need to pay.
- Associated snapshots generated by custom images are billed by the actual capacity, which can be queried in the snapshot overview.
- After your Tencent Cloud account is overdue, you are unable to create custom images, so ensure you have sufficient balance under your account before creating a custom image.

### Snapshot billing
#### Billing rules
- Billing mode: you are charged according to the total storage capacity of your snapshots. Each region is charged separately. Currently, CBS is **pay-as-you-go** on an hourly billing cycle.
- Billing standard: snapshot billing varies by regions. For more information, see [Pricing List](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/362/2413).
- Freezing policy: once your Tencent Cloud account becomes overdue, snapshot services are immediately suspended, including creation, rollback, cross-region replication, and scheduled snapshot policies. After the account has been overdue for 30 days, all snapshots will be deleted.

#### Free tier
Tencent Cloud offers 50 GB of free storage space to users in China. The detailed policy is as follows:
- Free tier applies to Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chengdu, Chongqing, and Hong Kong (China). Currently, overseas regions are not supported.
- Cloud disks in the aforementioned regions with a status other than `to be repossessed` or `terminated` get 50 GB of free snapshot storage.
- This free tier will be phased out in July 2020.

#### Billing example
The following table describes how snapshot storage is billed under different circumstance:

<table>
     <tr>
         <th>Region</th>  
         <th nowrap="nowrap">Total snapshot capacity</th>  
				 <th nowrap="nowrap">Cloud disk quantity and status</th>
				 <th>Details</th>
     </tr>
	 <tr>
         <td nowrap="nowrap">North China (Beijing)</td>
         <td>100GB</td>
				 <td nowrap="nowrap">1 cloud disk<br/>**To be repossessed**</td>
				 <td><li>Not eligible for the free tier currently. Total snapshot capacity is 100 GB billed by pay-as-you-go on an hourly basis.</li><li>After the cloud disk is renewed or a new cloud disk is purchased, the free tier is applicable. Total snapshot capacity is 100GB - 50GB = 50GB billed by pay-as-you-go on an hourly basis.</li></td>
     </tr> 
	 <tr>
         <td nowrap="nowrap">Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, China (Hong Kong)</td>
         <td>60GB</td>
				 <td>1 cloud disk<br/>**Mounted**</td>
				 <td>Eligible for the free tier. Total snapshot capacity is 60 GB - 50 GB = 10 GB billed by pay-as-you-go on an hourly basis.</td>
     </tr>
	 <tr>
         <td nowrap="nowrap">Southeast Asia Pacific (Singapore)</td>
         <td>40GB</td>
				 <td>1 cloud disk<br/>**Mounted**</td>
				 <td>Not eligible for the free tier. Total snapshot capacity is 40 GB billed by pay-as-you-go on an hourly basis..</td>
     </tr>
</table>

## Manual snapshots and scheduled snapshots
Tencent Cloud provides you with the following two methods to create snapshots:
- Manual snapshots: you can manually create a snapshot for cloud disk data at a certain point in time. This snapshot can be used to create more cloud disks with identical data, or to restore the cloud disk to the status at this point in time later. For more information, see [Creating Snapshots](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/362/5755).
- Scheduled snapshots: for continuously updated business, you can use scheduled snapshots to create continuous data backups. To achieve continuous backups of cloud disk data over a certain period, you just need to configure a backup policy and associate it with cloud disks, significantly enhancing data security. For more information, see [Scheduled Snapshot](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/362/35238).

<a id="reduceoverhead"></a>
## How to effectively reduce snapshot costs after commercialization
### If you plan to continue using snapshots
- Delete snapshots no longer in use.
- Delete custom images no longer in use and their associated snapshots.
- Reduce snapshot creation frequency for non-core businesses.
- Reduce snapshot storage time for non-core businesses.

| Business Scenario | Recommended Snapshot | Retention Period |
|---------|---------|---------|
| Core businesses | Scheduled snapshots, with the policy set for once every day. | 7-30 days |
| Non-core, non-data businesses | Scheduled snapshots, with the policy set for once every week | 7 days |
| Archive businesses | Manual snapshots created from time to time based on business needs | One month or above |
| Testing businesses | Manual snapshots created from time to time based on business needs | Delete promptly after use |

### If you plan to stop using snapshots
- Check and delete existing snapshots: check and delete stored snapshots in each region.
- Check and delete existing custom images and associated snapshots: check and delete stored custom images in each region, and then delete their associated snapshots.
- Check and modify scheduled snapshot policies: check the scheduling policy of each region, delete or disable the policy to prevent continued generation of new scheduled snapshots.
