### What is EventBridge?

Tencent Cloud EventBridge is a secure, stable, and standardized serverless event management platform. It supports standardized and centralized connections of Tencent Cloud services, custom applications, and SaaS applications, helping you easily implement a serverless event-driven architecture (EDA).

### What are the benefits and strengths of EventBridge?

- Ease of use
  EventBridge provides fully managed, Ops-free, and deployment-free serverless event management services, which rid you of the need to care about supporting components of event services and make your event-driven architecture (EDA) construction much easier.
- Standardized connection
  EventBridge provides a unified Put Event push protocol, which is compatible with CloudEvents 1.0 specifications and fully embraces the open-source community ecosystem.
- Fast build
  EventBridge supports the Tencent Cloud service event bus and cloud connectors to interconnect multiple data channels. You can quickly import data into it after simple necessary configurations. You can also convert and cleanse events in the cloud to meet the needs in various event use cases.
- High availability
  EventBridge can be deployed in a distributed cluster across availability zones (AZs) in a region-specific manner to offer strong disaster recovery capabilities. In this way, EventBridge can still be available even when some nodes or AZs are abnormal. In addition, it leverages different Tencent Cloud services to meet the needs of different business scenarios and make your service architecture even more robust.
- Supporting capabilities
  EventBridge offers various capabilities such as event query, log, and audit as well as full-linkage tracing. It also provides basic EDA capabilities, including event replay, backup, and retry policy.

### What are the differences between the Tencent Cloud service event bus and a custom event bus?
**Tencent Cloud service event bus**: It is used to collect Cloud Monitor events and CloudAudit events generated by Tencent Cloud services in all regions. This event bus is created in the Guangzhou region by default and cannot be deleted. Note that exception alarms and CloudAudit events generated by Tencent Cloud services are delivered only to the Tencent Cloud service event bus.

**Custom event bus**: It is an event bus created and managed by yourself. Events of your applications can be published only to your custom event buses.

### How is EventBridge billed?
EventBridge is a pay-as-you-go service. For more information, see [Purchase Guide](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1108/46994).


### What permissions do I need to use EventBridge?
Tencent Cloud EventBridge uses [Tencent Cloud Access Management (CAM)](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/598) to manage permissions. CAM is a permission and access management service that helps you securely manage the access permissions to resources under your Tencent Cloud account. With CAM, you can create, manage and terminate users and user groups and use identity and policy management to control user access to Tencent Cloud resources. Before using EventBridge, you need to activate it as instructed in [Activating EventBridge](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1108/42272). 

