After purchasing and using a Tencent Cloud product supported by Cloud Monitor (CM), you can log in to the [Cloud Monitor console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/monitor/overview) to view health statuses and other metrics and set alarm rules for monitoring items.


### Monitoring Cloud Product Resources

CM offers free monitoring for cloud resources on Tencent Cloud.

- CM can automatically and accurately collect basic monitoring metrics and store monitoring metric data in real time.
- You can customize various charts based on [cloud product monitoring](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/248/35284) and [Dashboard](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/248/35284) to view the metric data of cloud products and configure [alarms](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/248/6126). In addition, you can pull metric data through APIs for further use and analysis.

Most cloud service monitoring metrics can be collected and displayed automatically, eliminating the need for manual configuration.
You need to install and run agents to collect monitoring data for some cloud services, such as CVM monitoring and CPM monitoring. You can choose automatic installation when purchasing resources for these cloud services.

### Providing Alarm Services

CM provides prompt and personalized alarm services.

- Based on existing monitoring metric data, you can configure alarms for cloud resources and custom metrics by using default or customized configurations.
- You can set different alarm policies (such as event alarms, failure alarms, and threshold alarms) for resources in different OPS scenarios.
- You can distinguish alarms at different levels by setting different frequencies and logic. You can configure the mobile number, email, and callback URL options to receive alarm messages through different channels in a timely manner.

### Displaying Multi-Dimensional Charts

CM allows you to view existing monitoring data in various custom charts.

1. You can view the monitoring data of cloud resources in [monitoring views and details](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/248/6142). The latest data is displayed in the graph by default.
2. On the dashboard, you can subscribe to key metrics, customize how to display and compute metrics, sort and compare them in lists and charts, troubleshoot exceptions, and analyze failures.
3. You can view the monitoring data and alarm information of all cloud services under your account in the [Cloud Product Monitor console](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/248/35284).

### Monitoring Custom Data

CM allows you to report custom monitoring metrics.

- You can upload desired metrics (such as the data generated by applications) to CM via the Tencent Cloud classic network for real-time computing and storage in Custom Monitoring. You can also analyze failures and predict trends based on the frontend display, alarms, and underlying basic metrics.
- You can call APIs to report alarm information and send alarms through [custom messages](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/248/6218). The information that you are interested in will be delivered to you through SMS messages and emails at no charge.
