## Enabling Consumption Bill
If you have never used the consumption bill feature, enable it as follows:
1. Log in to the [Billing Center](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/expense/overview).
2. On the left sidebar, click **Cost Management** > **Consumption Bill** to enter the consumption bill page.
3. On the consumption bill page, click **Enable**. Afterwards, you can view the consumption bill starting from the current month.

## Consumption Bill Description
The consumption bill displays your monthly resource consumption, including consumption of pay-as-you-go resources and the amortized consumption of monthly subscribed resources.
>?Due to amortization, the data is only for cost estimation and cannot be used for reconciliation. For reconciliation, use your normal cost bills and transaction details instead.

## Amortization Rules
- Consumption is amortized based on your normal cost bill. The cost corresponding to deductions is positive, and the cost corresponding to refunds is negative.
- The vouchers, free credits, and cash amounts used for purchase are recorded separately and distinguished by type. Numbers are rounded to two decimal places. If the amortized cost is less than 0.01 USD per day, the purchase cost will be amortized starting from the next day at 0.01 USD per day until it is fully amortized.
- The "month" is the month in which the consumption occurs, and the "start time" and "end time" are 00:00:00 and 23:59:59 on the day of amortization, respectively.

Below are the specific cost amortization rules:


### Pay-as-you-go
In the pay-as-you-go billing mode, the cost is calculated based on the actual resource usage period and is not amortized.


### Prepaid
Amortization of prepaid costs includes amortization of monthly subscribed resources and one-time purchases.

- **Monthly subscribed resource amortization**: The monthly costs of monthly subscribed resources are calculated after the costs are amortized by day.
   For example, assume that on March 1, you purchase a CVM instance for six months (March 1–September 1) and make a one-time payment of 366 USD. The instance's bill amount in March is 366 USD, and the cost amortization per each day is 366 USD / 184 days ≈ 2 USD. Therefore, the cost in March is 2 USD * 31 days = 62 USD, and the costs in each month from April to September can also be calculated in the same way.
- **One-time purchase amortization**: One-time purchases include packages and one-time services. Their amortization rules are as follows:
   - Package: The cost is amortized and deferred based on the actual usage on the current day within the validity period. On the day of expiration, the remaining amount to be deferred is confirmed as a whole.
   - One-time service: The cost is not amortized. The entire cost amount is counted into the cost for the day of purchase.

## Description of Consumption Types

#### Pay-as-you-go

This refers to the cost incurred by a pay-as-you-go resource in the month of use.

For example, assume that you use CDN from March 1 to March 31 and incur a charge of 100 USD. Then your bill amount for CDN in March is 100 USD (if the bill is generated by billing cycle), and your cost in March is also 100 USD.

#### Amortization for purchase

This refers to the amortized cost of a purchased monthly subscribed resource in the month of purchase. Cost amortization starts from the day of purchase, and consumption details are generated daily until the day before the expiration of the resource.

For example, assume that on July 20, you purchase a monthly subscribed resource for one month, and the purchase order amount is 31 USD. Then the type of amortized cost from July 20 to July 31 is amortization for purchase, and the amortized cost for purchase for July is 31 USD / 31 days * 12 days = 12 USD.

#### Amortization for renewal

This refers to the amortized cost of a renewed monthly subscribed resource in the month of renewal. Cost amortization starts from the first day of the renewal period, and consumption details are generated daily until the day before the expiration of the resource.

For example, assume that on August 20, you renew a monthly subscribed resource for two months (the renewal order duration is 61 days), and the renewal order amount is 122 USD. Then the type of amortization cost from August 20 to August 31 is amortization for renewal, and the amortized cost for renewal for August is 122 USD / 61 days * 12 days = 24 USD.

#### Supplementary amortization

If you initiate a refund, but the resource cost has not been fully amortized, then the unamortized cost will be counted into the amortization of the day of refund and will not be deferred to subsequent days. This part of the unamortized cost is called supplementary amortization.

For example, assume that on January 1, you purchase a resource for six months (the purchase order duration is 181 days), and the purchase order amount is 181 USD. You request a refund on May 10, and the refund amount is -30 USD. Because the paid 181 USD was not fully amortized, the remaining unamortized amount is counted into the day of the refund (May 10). This type of amortized cost is supplementary amortization. So, your supplementary amortization for May is 181 USD - the previously amortized cost of 130 USD = 51 USD, and the termination cost for May is -30 USD.

#### Termination cost

Termination cost is a negative value and refers to the amortized cost of a refunded resource in the month of refund. The consumption data before the refund remains unchanged. Supplementary amortization and termination upon refund are performed on the day of the refund, and the refund amount is all counted into the day of the refund (as a negative number). Meanwhile, supplementary amortization is performed. Supplementary amortization = order cost - amortized order cost; termination cost = order refund amount; actual order consumption data = normal amortization + supplementary amortization + termination amount.

For example, assume that on January 1, you purchase a resource for six months (the purchase order duration is 181 days), and the purchase order amount is 181 USD. On May 10, you make a refund, and the refund amount is -30 USD. Then the refund amount is all amortized to the day of refund (May 10), and the termination cost for May is -30 USD.

#### Amortization for configuration adjustment

This refers to amortized cost incurred by upgrading or downgrading a resource configuration during the month in which the configuration adjustment occurs. Cost amortization starts from the day of the configuration adjustment, and consumption details are generated daily until the day before the expiration of the resource.

For example, assume that on May 10, you purchase a resource for one month and then you upgrade it on May 20 (the upgrade order duration is 21 days), and the upgrade cost is 42 USD. Then the type of amortization cost from May 20 to May 31 and from June 1 to June 9 is amortization for configuration adjustment. The amortized cost for configuration adjustment for May is 42 USD / 21 days * 12 days = 24 USD, and that for June is 42 USD / 21 days * 9 days = 18 USD.

#### Amortization for usage

This refers to amortized cost based on your actual usage after you purchase a prepaid one-time package. Cost amortization starts from the day of purchase until the day before the expiration of the resource.
For example, assume that on May 1, you pay 100 USD for a 100 GB package valid until August 1, and you used 10, 20, and 30 GB in May, June, and July respectively. Then the amortized costs for May, June, July, and August were 10, 20, 30, and 40 (100 - 10 - 20 - 30) USD respectively.