### What is the Cloud Computing Services Security Assessment by CAC?
In July 2019, the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT), and the Ministry of Finance (MOF) jointly issued the Cloud Computing Services Security Assessment Measures (hereinafter referred to as the "Cloud Assessment"), which took effect on September 1. The Cloud Assessment originated from Document No. 14 issued by CAC in 2014 that conducted government cloud review on cloud computing services provided to the Party and government organs. Compared to cloud review, the scope of Cloud Assessment has been expanded to cover not only cloud platforms of the Party and government organs but also those of key information technology facilities.
Assessment strategy: it is mainly composed of ensuring safety and controllability, unifying security and development, and combining ex-ante assessment with continuous supervision.

### What does it mean to passing this security assessment?
On November 19, 2019, CAC officially released the list of first batch of cloud platforms that passed the Cloud Computing Services Security Assessment Measures (hereinafter referred to as the "Cloud Assessment"), and Tencent Cloud was honorably on the list. Passing the Cloud Assessment means that Tencent Cloud is recognized by China's highest cybersecurity administration in terms of security and controllability, meets the standards and requirements of the Party and government organs for procuring cloud computing services, and is conducive to maintaining national cybersecurity and improving resource utilization and civil service efficiency.
