A complete SMS message consists of **SMS signature** and **SMS body**. You can set different body templates based on your business needs and then combine a signature and a body into the final SMS content: `[SMS signature] SMS body`.
After an SMS signature or template is submitted, it will be reviewed within two hours generally. Review hours: Monday - Sunday, 9:00 - 23:00 (postponed accordingly in case of public holidays). You can set your mobile number and email address to receive review result notifications.

<span id="Template"></span>
## Creating a body template
1. Log in to the [SMS Console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/smsv2).
2. Select **Mainland China SMS** > **Template Management** on the left sidebar and click **Create Body Template**.
3. Set the following parameters as needed and according to the [SMS body template review standards](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/382/13444#Template):
 - Template Name: Name of the template for easy identification.
 - SMS Type: The type of SMS that will be sent with this body template. Enterprise users can choose **Regular SMS** or **Marketing SMS**, while individual users can only choose **Regular SMS**.
 - SMS Content: Body content of the SMS with less than 500 characters. Custom content can be configured, but it cannot contain only variables. Variables are in the format of `{number}`, and the numbers must be consecutive. Marketing SMS must contain an option for unsubscribing, such as `Reply with T to unsubscribe`.
 - Remarks: Optional. You can enter the sending scenario and recipient here.
5. Click **Confirm**.
 Waiting for body template review. The body template will be available only after its status changes to **approved**.


## Modifying a body template
>?Modifications can be made only if the body template status is **pending review** or **rejected**. **Approved** body templates cannot be modified.

1. On the [Template Management](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/smsv2/csms-template) page, you can view the body template information.
 - ID: Body template ID automatically generated by the system. The ID of an approved body template can be specified as the value of the `tpl_id` parameter when sending SMS via APIs or SDKs.
 - Content: Actual content of the SMS body.
 - Status/Reason: Status of the body template, including **pending review**, **rejected**, and **approved**. If the body template status is **rejected**, you can click **View Details** to view the detailed reason or suggestion.
 - Time Applied: The time when the body template was created.
2. Click **Edit** on the line of a **pending review** or **rejected** body template, modify its information, and click **Confirm** to submit it for review again.


## Deleting a body template
When you no longer need a body template, you can delete it. **Once deleted, the body template cannot be restored directly; instead, you will have to submit a new application for review; therefore, please do so with caution.**

1. On the [Template Management](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/smsv2/csms-template) page, click **Delete** on the line of the target body template.
2. In the dialog box that pops up, click **Delete**.
