A complete SMS message consists of **SMS signature** and **SMS body**. You can set different body templates based on your business needs and then combine a signature and a body into the final SMS content: `[SMS signature] SMS body`.
After a SMS signature is submitted, it will be reviewed within two hours generally. Review hours: Monday - Sunday, 9:00 - 23:00 (postponed accordingly in case of public holidays). You can set your mobile number and email address to receive review result notifications.


<span id="Sign"></span>
## Creating a signature
1. Log in to the [SMS Console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/smsv2).
2. Select **Mainland China SMS** > **Signature Management** on the left sidebar and click **Create Signature**.
3. Set the following parameters as needed and according to the [SMS signature review standards](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/382/13444):
 - Signature Type: Type of the SMS signature.
 Organizational users can choose **Company**, **App**, **Website**, **Official Account/Mini Program**, **Trademark**, or **Government/public institution/other**.
 Individual users can choose **App**, **Website**, or **Official Account/Mini Program**.
 - Signature Purpose: Purpose of the SMS signature. You can choose **For self-use** (the signature is a company name, website, product name, or something else verified under the current account) or **For others** (the signature is a company name, website, product name, or something else verified under other accounts).
 - Signature Content: Actual content of the SMS signature. There is no need to enter [], such as `Tencent Cloud`.
 - Certificate Type: Type of qualification certificate for applying for SMS signature. For more information, see [SMS Signature Review Standards](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/382/13444).
 - Certificate Upload: Upload the photo or scan of the corresponding certificate according to the selected **Certificate Type**. Images in .jpg or .png format of less than 5 MB in size are supported.
 - Authorization: This parameter appears only if the **Signature Purpose** is set to "For others".
    i. Download and fill out the [authorization letter](http://attachment-1252075342.cosgz.myqcloud.com/%E6%8E%88%E6%9D%83%E5%A7%94%E6%89%98%E4%B9%A6.docx), where the authorized party must be entered as the full name of the individual/organization verified under the current Tencent Cloud account, and the authorizing party must be entered as the full name of the entity to whom the signature belongs.
    ii. Affix the official seal of the authorizing party onto the authorization letter.
    iii. Upload a photo or scan of the authorization letter stamped with the official seal of the authorizing party. Images in .jpg or .png format of less than 5 MB in size are supported.
 - Remarks: Optional. You can enter the signature purpose here.
4. Click **Confirm**.
 Waiting for signature review. The SMS signature will be available only after its status changes to **approved**.

## Modifying a signature
>?Modifications can be made only if the signature status is **pending review** or **rejected**. **Approved** signatures cannot be modified.

1. On the [Signature Management](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/smsv2/csms-sign) page, you can view the signature information.
 - ID: Signature ID automatically generated by the system.
 - Content: Actual content of the SMS signature. The content of an approved signature can be specified as the value of the `sign` parameter when sending SMS via APIs or SDKs. If this parameter is not specified, the content of the first approved signature will be used by default.
 - Status/Reason: Status of the signature, including **pending review**, **rejected**, and **approved**. If the signature status is **rejected**, you can click **View Details** to view the detailed reason or suggestion.
 - Time Applied: The time when the signature was created.
2. Click **Edit** on the line of a **pending review** or **rejected** signature, modify its information, and click **Confirm** to submit it for review again.

## Deleting a signature
When you no longer need a signature, you can delete it. **Once deleted, the signature cannot be restored directly; instead, you will have to submit a new application for review; therefore, please do so with caution.**

1. On the [Signature Management](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/smsv2/csms-sign) page, click **Delete** on the line of the target signature.
2. In the dialog box that pops up, click **Delete**.


