Cloud Connect Network (CCN) bridges Tencent Cloud VPCs and between VPCs and local IDCs. It provides you with multipoint private network interconnection. To leverage this CCN feature, you need first to add VPCs to a CCN. This document describes how to associate a VPC with or disassociate it from a CCN.

## Associating with CCN
1. Log in to the [VPC console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/vpc).
2. Select the region of the VPC at the top of the **VPC** page.
3. Click the VPC ID to access the **Basic Information** page.
4. Click **Associate Now** under **Associate with CCN** to open the **Associate with CCN** dialog box.

5. Configure parameters as follows.

	+ **Account**: the account of the CCN instance owner. The VPC and CCN instance can be under the same or different accounts. If you choose **Other accounts**, enter the **Account ID**. The account owner needs to accept the CCN application within 7 days, otherwise the application will expire. The owner of the CCN assumes the network interconnection fee generated by instances connecting to the CCN.
	+ **CCN ID**: select a CCN ID from the drop-down list for **My Account** or enter a CCN ID for **Other accounts**. 
6. Click **OK**. Then the status will be **Connected** as shown below.

		
## Disassociating from CCN
1. Log in to the [VPC console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/vpc).
2. Select the region of the VPC at the top of the **VPC** page.
3. Locate the VPC to disassociate from the CCN, and click the VPC ID to access the **Basic Information** page.
4. Click **Disassociate** in the **Associate with CCN** section.

5. Double check and confirm the operation risks and click **Disassociate**.


## Relevant Operations
[Network Instance Interconnection in One Account](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1003/31986)
[Network Instance Interconnection Crossing Account](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1003/31987)
