
## July 2020
<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th width="20%">Update</th>
<th width="40%">Description</th>
<th width="20%">Release Date</th>
<th width="20%">Document</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>SCF now supports CFS file systems</td>
<td>SCF supports mounting CFS file systems to have a larger disk space. It allows different functions to write into the same file system.</td>
<td>July 22, 2020</td>
<td><a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/37497">Mounting CFS File System</a>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>SCF-based CDN cache purge feature is released</td>
<td>You can quickly configure an SCF-based CDN purge scheme in the COS Console.</td>
<td>July 3, 2020</td>
<td><a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/436/37273">CDN Cache Purge</a>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table>



## June 2020
<table>
<thead>
<tr>

<th width="20%">Update</th>
<th width="40%">Description</th>
<th width="20%">Release Date</th>
<th width="20%">Document</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>

<tr>
<td>The SCF VS Code plugin is released</td>
<td>The SCF VS Code plugin is upgraded to v2.0:
The specification used by the plugin is adjusted to the Tencent-SCF Component specification in Serverless Framework.
The original TCSAM-compatible specification can be converted to the Serverless Framework Tencent-SCF Component specification.
Node.js 10.15 and Node.js 12.16 runtime environments are supported now.
Node.js 10 and above runtime environments are supported now for cloud debugging.</td>
<td>June 12, 2020</td>
<td>-
</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>The Node.js 12.16 runtime environment is added for SCF</td>
<td>The Node.js 12.16 runtime environment is added for SCF. You can choose to use Node.js 12.16 as the runtime environment when creating a function. The upgrade of the Node.js version brings new features and performance improvements and, mostly importantly, speeds up launches.</td>
<td>June 4, 2020</td>
<td><a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/11060">Notes on Node.js</a>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table>



## May 2020
<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th width="20%">Update</th>
<th width="40%">Description</th>
<th width="20%">Release Date</th>
<th width="20%">Document</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>SCF now supports providing a fixed outbound IP on the public network</td>
<td><ul><li> When the public network is enabled for a function, a fixed outbound IP on the public network can be enabled to get a randomly assigned EIP. The traffic generated by the function accessing the public network will be forwarded based on the EIP.</li> <li>When both public network access and private network access are enabled for the function, the traffic generated by accessing the public network will be forwarded based on the EIP, while that generated by accessing the private network will be forwarded based on the VPC.</li> </ul></td>
<td>May 26, 2020</td>
<td>-
</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>The Node.js runtime of SCF now supports installing dependencies online</td>
<td>If "Online install dependency" is enabled in the function configuration, each time the code is uploaded, the SCF backend will check the `package.json` file in the root directory of the code package and try using npm to install the dependent package based on the dependencies in `package.json`. Currently, you can install dependencies online for the Node.js runtime, and each time the code is updated, the SCF backend will automatically install dependencies. </td>
<td>May 9, 2020</td>
<td>-
</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table>




## April 2020
<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th width="20%">Update</th>
<th width="40%">Description</th>
<th width="20%">Release Date</th>
<th width="20%">Document</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>SCF now supports enabling both the public network and VPC</td>
<td>SCF now supports enabling both the public network and VPC, and the code can access resources in the VPC and public network, lowering the configuration complexity. Both or either of the VPC and public network can be enabled.</td>
<td>April 28, 2020</td>
<td>-
</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>The grayscale release feature of SCF is launched</td>
<td>SCF allows you to configure aliases, versions, and traffic routing to switch traffic between multiple versions.<ul><li>Two versions can be configured for an alias, and a rule can be configured to switch traffic between the two versions.</li> <li>Traffic can be routed based on weight or request attribute.</li> <li>A trigger can be configured for an alias.</li> <li>You can view logs and monitoring data by alias or version.</ul></td>
<td>April 28, 2020</td>
<td><a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/35952">Traffic Routing Configuration</a>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>The layer feature of SCF is released</td>
<td>SCF allows you to use layers to manage dependent libraries and common code files.</td>
<td>April 7, 2020</td>
<td><a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/37039">Layer Management</a>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table>




## March 2020
<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th width="20%">Update</th>
<th width="40%">Description</th>
<th width="20%">Release Date</th>
<th width="20%">Document</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>

<tr>
<td>The SCF-based COS file decompression feature is released</td>
<td>The file decompression feature is a data processing solution provided by COS based on SCF. After it is enabled, when a compressed file is uploaded to COS, the function pre-configured by COS will be automatically triggered to decompress the file to the specified bucket and directory.</td>
<td>March 26, 2020</td>
<td><a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/436/35663">File Decompression</a>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table>


