# Purchase Guide



You can purchase the Tencent Cloud Mobile Live Video Broadcasting (MLVB) SDK independently or together with other cloud services.

- If you only purchase the MLVB SDK, you need to pay for the license fee.
- If you purchase the MLVB SDK together with LVB, you need to pay for the license fee and fees generated by using LVB.

<span id="sdklicense"></span>
## MLVB License Fee

- The MLVB basic edition license allows you to use the MLVB basic edition SDK on iOS and Android devices. The annual license fee is USD 799.

- Currently, Tencent Cloud provides a **one free trial** basic edition SDK license for testing. You can register an account on the [LVB console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/live/license) and apply for the free basic edition SDK license within 28 days.

 <span id="sdklicense"></span>
## LVB Fee


- If you use the MLVB SDK together with LVB, you need to pay the basic fees generated during livestreaming, such as the bandwidth fees, in addition to the SDK license fee. The fees are billed based on the LVB unified billing method. You can select daily or monthly pay-as-you-go as the billing method. For more information, see [Billing Details](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/267/2818).


## Refund Description
- If your purchased license is not bound to any package name and you do not use LVB, the MLVB SDK license fee provides a no-fault refund within five days after purchase.

## Arrears Processing

- The license itself does not involve arrears processing. However, if you purchase other cloud services on the Tencent Cloud platform, the billing platform will notify you to recharge your Tencent Cloud account balance if it is insufficient. You can recharge your account within 24 hours after your account enters into arrears. If you do not recharge your account within the specified time, the console entry will be closed, which will affect your license use.