  
Cloud Connect Network (CCN) plans to start charging on network connections and inbound traffic from July 7, 2023 on 00:00:00 (UTC+8). At the same time, an account-level free tier is provided till April 1, 2024 on 00:00:00 (UTC+8). We will inform you in advance for any changes of the free tier. 

### Scope
All CCN instances

#### Network Instance Connections
**Network instances** refers to all VPC/Direct Connect/VPN gateway instances connected to CCN. **Hourly network connection fee** = Unit price per connected instance x Total connected network instances in the billing cycle.

>?Calculation of total connected network instances: Collects the number of network instances connected to a CCN instance every minute, in which case 60 samples are collected in an hour. The largest number of the 60 samples is taken as the total connected network instances of the CCN instance of the billable hour. 
>

#### Inbound Traffic
**Inbound traffic** here refers to the data transferred from connected network instances (VPC/Direct Connect/VPN gateway instances) to a CCN instance. **Hourly inbound traffic fee** = Unit price/GB x Size of data going from connected network instances to the CCN instance in the billable hour.

>?Data going from CCN to connected network instances (i.e. outbound traffic) does not incur fees. 
>

See below for details of the pricing and free tier: 
<table>
<tr>
<th>Billable Item</th>
<th>Billing Mode</th>
<th>Usage</th>
<th style="text-align:center"  colspan=3>Price (USD)</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=3>Connected network instance (USD/connection/hour)</td>
</td>
<td rowspan=3>Pay-as-you-go</td>
<td>≤ 2 </td>
<td colspan=2>Free of charge till April 1, 2024 00:00:00 (UTC+8)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>>2</td>
<td>Chinese mainland</td>
<td>0.05</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Outside the Chinese mainland</td>
<td>0.06</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>Inbound traffic (USD/GB)</td>
<td rowspan=2>Pay-as-you-go</td>
<td> ≤ 100 TB</td>
<td colspan=2>Free of charge till April 1, 2024 00:00:00 (UTC+8)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>> 100 TB</td>
<td colspan=2>0.02</td>
</tr>
</table>


>?
>
>- Only the parts exceeding the free tier are charged.


 
 
 
