## Creating Thumbnail Function
1. Log in to the [SCF Console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/scf/list?rid=8&ns=default) and select **Functions** on the left sidebar.
2. Select the **Guangzhou** region at the top of the "Functions" page and click **Create**.
3. Enter the following parameter information on the "Create Function" page and click **Next** as shown below:
 - **Function Name**: enter `Thumbnail`.
 - **Runtime Environment**: select `Python 2.7`.
 - **Creation Method**: select **Template function**.
  - **Template Search**: enter "image compression" to search and select the image compression template whose language is Python 2.7 in the results.
 Move the cursor over the template function to view its details. The download operation is supported.
 
4. Keep the default configuration and click **Complete** to complete the function creation.
5. When using this template function, you need to modify the configuration information in the function code as prompted.
In the code box on the **Function Code** tab, replace `appid`, `secret_id`, `secret_key`, `region`, and `resized_bucket` with your `APPID`, `SecretId`, `SecretKey`, `region`, and `resized_bucket` and click **Save** to complete the creation.
>?
>- The `APPID` can be obtained on the **[Account Info](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/developer)** page in the console.
>- The `SecretId` and `SecretKey` can be obtained on the **[API Key Management](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/cam/capi)** page in the console.
>

## Configuring COS Trigger
1. On the "Functions" page, select a function name to enter the function management page.
2. Select the **Triggers** tab and click **Add Trigger** to add a COS trigger for the function.
3. In the "Add Trigger" module, set the following parameters and click **Save**.
The main parameter information is as follows. Keep the remaining parameters as default:
	- **Trigger Type**: select **COS trigger**.
	- **COS Bucket**: select the bucket `mybucket` created in [Step 1](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/9735).
	- **Event Type**: select **Create All**.

## Testing Function
1. Switch to the [COS Console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/cos/bucket), select the created bucket `mybucket1`, click **Upload File**, and select a random .jpg or .png image for upload.
2. Switch to another COS bucket `mybucket-resized1`, check whether there is a file with the same name generated, download it, and compare the size of the two images.
3. Log in to the SCF Console to view the execution result. You can see the printed log information in **Logs**.

## Relevant Operations
### Viewing and getting function code
1. After you successfully create a function, you can select **Function Code** to enter the function code details page.
2. On this page, you can view and edit the function code or click **Download** in the top-right corner to download the function code package or YAML file.
