## Overview

This document describes how to use SCF to push [MPS](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1041) callback information. SCF is mainly used to process callback information, while MPS is mainly used for video processing tasks.

## Directions

<span id="step01"></span>

### Creating function

1. Log in to the SCF console and select **[Function Service](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/scf/list)** on the left sidebar.
2. At the top of the **Function Service** page, select the **Beijing** region and click **Create** to enter the function creating page and configure the function.
	- **Creation method**: select **Template**.
	- **Fuzzy search**: enter "MPSWebhookDemo" and search.
	 Click **Learn More** in the template to view relevant information in the **Template Details** pop-up window, which can be downloaded.
3. Click **Next**. The function name is automatically generated by default and can be modified as needed.

<span id="step02"></span>

### Configuring MPS trigger

1. In the **Trigger Configurations** section, select **Custom** and enter relevant information according to the displayed parameters.
	 
   - **Triggered Version**: select **Default Traffic**.
   - **Trigger Method**: select **MPS Trigger**.
   - **Event Type**: select **Workflow Task**.
   > ?
   > - When creating an MPS trigger for the first time, you need to click **SCF_QcsRole** and **MPS_QcsRole** to authorize the relevant service role.
   > - **Event type**: an MPS trigger pushes events in the account-level event type. Currently, two event types are supported: workflow task (`WorkflowTask`) and video editing task (`EditMediaTask`).
   > - **Event processing**: an MPS trigger uses events generated at the service level as the event source, regardless of attributes such as region and resources. Only one single function can be bound to each event type for each account. If you need multiple functions to handle a task, please see [SDK for Node.js](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/32747).
2. Click **Complete**.

<span id="step05"></span>

### Testing function

1. Log in to the [MPS console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/mps) and execute a video processing workflow.
2. On the **[Function Service](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/scf/list)** page in the SCF console, click the name of the function created in the [Creating function](#step01) step above to enter the function details page.
3. Select the **Log Query** tab on the function details page to view the printed log information.
4. Switch to **WeCom** to view the callback notification result.
> ?You can write specific data processing methods as needed.
