## Overview

This document guides you through how to create a Tencent Cloud Virtual Machine (CVM) instance using the custom configuration mode as an example.

## Prerequisites

Before creating a CVM instance, you need to complete the following steps:
- [Sign up for a Tencent Cloud account](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/378/17985) and complete [identity verification](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/378/3629).
- To create a CVM instance whose network type is virtual private cloud (VPC), you need to [create a VPC](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/215/31805) in the target region and [create a subnet](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/215/31806) in the target availability zone under the VPC.
- If you do not use the default project, you need to [create a project](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/zh/document/product/378/34726).
- If you do not use the default security group, you need to [create a security group](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/34271) in the target region and add a security group rule that meets your business requirements.
- To bind a SSH key pair when creating a Linux instance, you need to [create a SSH key](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/16691) for the target project.
- To create a CVM instance with a custom image, you need to [create a custom image](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/4942) or [import an image](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/4945).

## Directions

1. Log in to [Tencent Cloud](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/zh/). Choose **Products** -> **Compute** -> **[Cloud Virtual Machine](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/zh/products/cvm)**. Click **Get Started** to access the CVM purchase page.
 - **[Custom Configuration](https://buy.intl.cloud.tencent.com/cvm?tab=custom&step=1&devPayMode=hourly&regionId=4&zoneId=200004&instanceType=SA2.MEDIUM4&vpcId=vpc-mzg9lleo&subnetId=subnet-nr4uyak7&platform=TencentOS&bandwidthType=TRAFFIC_POSTPAID_BY_HOUR&bandwidth=5&ltCreateMode=createVersion)**: it is suitable for use in specific scenarios and makes it easier for you to purchase CVM instances for your specific needs.
2. Configure the following information as prompted by the page:
<table>
<tr><th style="width: 20%">Category</th><th style="width: 12%">Required/Optional</th><th>Configuration Description</th></tr>
<tr><td>Billing Method</td><td>Required</td><td>Select based on actual needs:<ul><li><b>Pay-As-You-Go</b>: a flexible billing method suitable for scenarios such as e-commerce flash sales where the demand fluctuates sharply and suddenly.</li><li><b>Spot Instance</b>: a new instance operation mode suitable for scenarios such as big data computing, online businesses with load balancing, and website services. The general price range is 10%-20% of pay-as-you-go instance.</li></ul>For more information on billing methods, please see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/2180">Billing Method Description</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Region/Availability Zone</td><td>Required</td><td><ul><li><b>Region</b>: we recommend you select the region closest to your customers to reduce access latency and increase access speed.</li><li><b>Availability zone</b>: please select based on your actual needs.</br>If you want to purchase multiple CVMs, we recommend you select different availability zones to implement disaster recovery.</li></ul>For more information on regions and availability zones, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/6091">Regions and Availability Zones</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Network</td><td>Required</td><td>A logically isolated network space built in Tencent Cloud. A virtual private cloud (VPC) includes at least one subnet. The system provides a default VPC and subnet for each region.</br>
If the existing VPC or subnet does not meet your requirements, you can create a VPC or subnet on the VPC console.</br><b>Note</b>:<ul><li>Resources in the same VPC can be shared within the private network.</li><li>When purchasing the CVM, ensure that the CVM and the subnet where the CVM is created have the same availability zones.</li></ul></td></tr>
<tr><td>Instance</td><td>Required</td><td>Tencent Cloud provides different instance types based on the underlying hardware. For optimal performance, we recommend you use instance types of the latest generation.</br>
For more information on instances, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/11518">Instance Types</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Image</td><td>Required</td><td>Tencent Cloud provides public images, custom images, shared images, and marketplaces. For more information about images, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/4941">Image Types</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td><a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/362/31636">System Disk</a></td><td>Required</td><td>Used to install the operating system. Its default capacity is 50 GB.</br>Available Cloud Block Storage (CBS) types vary with regions. Please select a value as instructed by the page.</br>For more information on CBS, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/362/31636">Cloud Disk Types</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td><a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/362/31636">Data Disk</a></td><td>Optional</td><td>Used to scale up the storage capacity of the CVM to ensure high efficiency and reliability. CBS data disks are not added by default.</br>For more information on CBS, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/362/31636">CBS Types</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Scheduled Snapshot</td><td>Optional</td><td>A scheduled snapshot policy can be set for the system disk or data disk. For more information, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/362/35238">Scheduled Snapshot</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Public Network Bandwidth</td><td>Required</td><td>By default, a dedicated public IP will be assigned for free.</br>Tencent Cloud provides two network billing modes. Configure a value greater than 0 Mbps as needed.<ul><li><b>Bill-by-bandwidth</b>: select a fixed bandwidth. Packet loss will occur when the bandwidth exceeds this value. This is applicable to scenarios where the network connection fluctuates slightly.</li><li><b>Bill-by-traffic</b>: billing is based on traffic that is actually used. You can specify a peak bandwidth to prevent charges incurred by unexpected traffic. Packet loss will occur when the instantaneous bandwidth exceeds this value. This is applicable to scenarios where the network connection fluctuates significantly.</li><li><b>Bill by bandwidth package</b>: select this aggregated billing when your public network instances have traffic peaks at different times. This is applicable to large-scale businesses where traffic can be staggered between different instances using the public network.<br>BWP is currently in beta. To try it out, please <a href="https://cloud.tencent.com/apply/p/8o8lmsr5nj8">submit a beta application</a>.</li></ul><b>Note</b>:<ul><li>The assigned free dedicated public IP cannot be unbound from the instance. To unbind this IP address, first convert the public IP to an elastic IP. For more information on elastic IP, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/5733">Elastic IP (EIP)</a>.</li><li>A dedicated public IP address cannot be assigned in the following two cases. Please refer to the purchase page for the latest information.
<ul><li>The IP resources have been sold out</li><li>In certain regions</li></ul></li></ul></td></tr>
<tr><td>IPv6 Address</td><td>Optional</td><td>The IPv6 address of the activated instance</a>.</td></tr> 
<tr><td>Quantity</td><td>Required</td><td>Number of CVMs to be purchased.</td></tr> 
<tr><td>Duration</td><td>Required</td><td>Usage duration of the CVM instance.</td></tr> 
</table>

3. Click **Next: Complete Configuration** to access the CVM configuration page.
4. Configure the following information as prompted by the page:
<table>
<tr><th style="width: 20%">Category</th><th style="width: 12%">Required/Optional</th><th>Configuration Description</th></tr>
<tr><td>Security Group</td><td>Required</td><td><ul><li>If there is no available security group, you can choose <b>New security group</b>.</li><li>If there are available security groups, you can choose <b>Existing Security Groups</b>.</li></ul>For more information on security groups, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/12452">Security Group</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Project</td><td>Required</td><td>The default project is selected. You can select an existing project as needed to manage different CVMs.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tag</td><td>Optional</td><td>You can add tags for the instance as needed, which are used to categorize, search for, and aggregate cloud resources. For more information, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/651/13334">Tag</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Instance Name</td><td>Optional</td><td>You can customize the name of the CVM to be created.</br><ul><li>If no instance name is specified, **unnamed** will be used by default.</li><li>An instance name cannot be longer than 60 characters. <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/32020">Batch Sequential Naming or Pattern String-Based Naming</a> is also supported.</li></ul><b>Note</b>: this name is displayed only on the console. It is not the hostname of the CVM.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Login Methods</td><td>Required</td><td>Configure the method to log in to the CVM as needed.<ul><li><b>Set Password</b>: customize the password for logging in to the instance.</li><li><b>SSH Key Pair (only for Linux instances)</b>: associate the instance with an SSH key to ensure secure login to the CVM.</br>If no key is available or existing keys are inappropriate, click <b>Create Now</b> to create a key. For more information on SSH keys, see <a href="http://cloud.tencent.com/doc/product/213/SSH%E5%AF%86%E9%92%A5">SSH Keys</a>.</li><li><b>Random Password</b>: an automatically generated password will be sent through the<a href="https://console.cloud.tencent.com/message">Message Center</a>.</li></ul></td></tr>
<tr><td>Security Reinforcement</td><td>Optional</td><td>By default, Anti-DDoS and Cloud Workload Protection are enabled for free to help you build a CVM security system to prevent data leakage.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Cloud Monitoring</td><td>Optional</td><td>By default, cloud monitoring is enabled for free. You can install components to obtain CVM monitoring metrics and display them in visual charts. You can also specify custom alarm thresholds. In addition, you can configure three-dimensional CVM data monitoring, intelligent data analysis, real-time fault alarms, and custom data reports to precisely monitor the health conditions of Tencent Cloud services and CVM.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Automation Assistant</td><td>Optional</td><td>It is enabled for free by default. As the native OPS and deployment tool of CVM, it can automatically run shell commands in batches and complete various tasks such as running automated OPS scripts, polling processes, installing/uninstalling software, updating applications, and installing patches, without the need to connect to the instance remotely.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Auto-renewal</td><td>Optional</td><td>Select **Auto-renew the device every month when my account has sufficient balance** for auto-renewal.</br>For more information, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/zh/document/product/555/7454">Renewal Management</a>.</td></tr>
<tr><td>Advanced Settings</td><td>Optional</td><td>Configure additional settings for the instance as needed.<ul><li><b>Hostname</b>: you can customize the name of the computer in the CVM operating system. After a CVM is created, you can log in to it to view the hostname.</li><li><b>CAM Role</b>: you can set a role and use it to grant role entity the permissions to access CVM services and resources and perform operations in Tencent Cloud. For more information about the settings, see<a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/38290">Managing Roles</a>.</li><li><b>Placement Group</b>: you can add an instance to a placement group as needed to improve service availability. For more information, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/15486">Placement Group</a>.</li><li><b>Custom Data</b>: you can configure an instance by specifying custom data, and the configured scripts will run when an instance is launched. If multiple CVMs are purchased together, the custom data will run on all CVMs. The Linux operating system supports the Shell format, while the Windows operating system supports the PowerShell format and a maximum of 16 KB of raw data. For more information, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/17525">Configuring Custom Data (Windows CVM)</a>.</br><b>Note</b>: custom data configuration only supports certain public images with the Cloud-Init service. For more information, see <a href="https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/19670">Cloud-Init</a>.</li></ul></td></tr>
</table>

5. Click **Next: Confirm Configuration** to access the configuration information confirmation page.
6. Validate the information of the CVM to be purchased and the cost details of each configuration item.
7. Read and click **Tencent Cloud Terms of Service** and/or **Refund Policy**.
8. You can perform the following operations as needed:
 - Select **Save as Launch Template** to save the configuration of this instance as a launch template, based on which you can quickly create instances.
 - Select **Generate API Explorer Reusable Script** to generate the OpenAPI reusable script code for instance creation corresponding to the selected configuration. You can save the code for purchasing CVM instances with the same configuration. For more information, see [Generating API Explorer Reusable Scripts to Create Instances](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/39811).
8. Click **Buy Now** or **Activate** and complete the payment. You can then check your CVM [instances](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/cvm) in the CVM console.
Information such as the instance name, public IP address, private IP address, login username, and initial login password of the CVM will be sent to your account through the [Message Center](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/message). You can use this information to log in to and manage your instances. To ensure the security of your CVM, please change your CVM login password as soon as possible.
