### How is ECDN billed?
ECDN is billed as follows:
- Payment mode: ECDN is billed daily on a pay-as-you-go basis.  The charge for total consumption generated between 00:00:00 and 23:59:59 on the current day will be billed on the next day.
- Billable items: fees incurred by requests + [fees incurred by traffic in excess of the free tier](#fluxcost).

For more information on the pricing, please see [ECDN Billing Description](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/570/10979).

<span id="fluxcost"></span>
### How is ECDN fee of traffic exceeding the free tier billed?
- The fee of excessive traffic mainly depends on the number of billed requests and actually used traffic. If the actually used traffic does not exceed the free tier, you do not need to pay for the fee of excessive traffic.
- The free tier of traffic is calculated based on the number of billed requests in an actual billing cycle and applies only to the current billing cycle as it is non-cumulative.

### What will happen to the ECDN service if my account falls into arrears?
An account in arrears will affect your acceleration service. For more information, please see [Notes on Arrears](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/570/15567).

### Will fees be incurred after the domain name service is disabled (the domain name is deactivated)?
After the domain name service is disabled, if the domain name is still configured with CNAME resolution or the user's local DNS cache does not expire, the platform cache nodes can still receive user access requests, for which the platform will return the 404 status code and bill them as follows:
1. For all requests and traffic generated on the day when the domain name service is disabled, the corresponding service fees will be incurred according to the standard billing mode.
2. From the day after the day when the domain name service was disabled, neither requests nor traffic generated by the deactivated domain name will incur fees.
       

### What is the difference in the billing mode between key and common Tencent Cloud users?
- A key user is **billed monthly** by default, while a common user is billed daily by default. 
- A key user is billed in a **tiered manner**, while a common user is billed based on a cumulative tier.
