This document describes the required preparations for an Ops engineer to log in to BH for the first time.

>? Upon the first login, an Ops engineer needs to perform the following operations:
>1. Get the Ops page address.
>2. Activate the account (if it's activated, skip this step).
>3. Log in to the Ops page.
>4. Activate the OTP mini program (if it's activated, skip this step).
>5. Download the Ops tool.

## Prerequisites
- The admin has informed the Ops engineer of the login address.
- The admin has granted the Ops engineer the permission to access the server.

## Step 1. Get the Ops page address
1. The login address of the Ops page is not publicly available and needs to be sent to the Ops engineer by the admin.
2. The Ops engineer enters the Ops page login address in the browser to open the server Ops page.

## Step 2. Activate the account (if it's activated, skip this step)[](id:step2)
1. On the server Ops page, click **Account activation**.
2. The Ops engineer can activate the account (initialize the login password) through the mobile number (login account) authorized by the admin.
>? The account can be activated only through an SMS message sent from a Chinese mainland mobile number.

3. After activating the account, click **Log in** to go back to the server Ops page.

## Step 3. Log in to the Ops page
On the server Ops page, enter the account (mobile number) and password and click **Log in** to enter the OTP verification page (if the system has OTP verification enabled).

## Step 4. Activate the OTP mini program (if it's activated, skip this step)
The login will be redirected to the OTP verification page if the system has OTP verification enabled.
1. On the OTP verification page, scan the first QR code with WeChat to enter the Data Shield OTP mini program.
2. Enter the homepage of the Data Shield OTP mini program and click **➕** in the bottom-right corner to pop up the PIN code generation page.
3. On the PIN code generation page, click **Scan QR code** and scan the QR code on the OTP verification page to generate the PIN code.
4. On the OTP activation page, enter the PIN code generated by the Data Shield OTP mini program and click **Activate**. Then, you will automatically log in to the BH Ops page.

## Step 5. Download the Ops tool
1. When you log in to the BH Ops page for the first time, the system will instruct you to download and install the Ops tool (T-Sec BHLoader).
2. You can choose an appropriate Ops tool based on the OS type of your commonly used Ops client.