# **Tencent** **Cloud** **Reseller** **Agreement**

### **Updated on 6 September 2023**

**Thank you for your interest in becoming a Tencent Cloud Reseller Partner !**

### **PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE AGREEING TO BECOME A TENCENT CLOUD RESELLER PARTNER**
HIS TENCENT CLOUD RESELLER AGREEMENT (“**AGREEMENT**”) IS ENTERED INTO BY AND BETWEEN THE RELEVANT TENCENT ENTITY (SEE BELOW) AND THE APPLICABLE RESELLER (“**PARTNER**” OR “**YOU**”) AS OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE. YOUR PARTICIPATION IN TENCENT CLOUD RESELLER ACTIVITIES IS SUBJECT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (THESE “**TERMS**”). YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO PARTICIAPTE IN TENCENT CLOUD RESELLER ACTIVITIES AND YOU SHALL NOT REPRESENT YOURSELF AS A TENCENT CLOUD RESELLER IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS IN FULL.

BY CLICKING “AGREE” BUTTON BELOW, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT (I) YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THESE TERMS; (II) YOU ARE DULY AUTHORISED TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE ENTITY APPLYING TO BECOME A TENCENT CLOUD RESELLER AS PART OF THE TENCENT CLOUD PARTNER PROGRAM; AND (III) YOU ARE AUTHORISED TO ENTER INTO THESE TERMS AND LEGALLY BIND THE PARTNER TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED TO BIND THE PARTNER OR YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS IN FULL, DO NOT CLICK THE “AGREE” BUTTON BELOW AND YOU CANNOT ENGAGE IN TENCENT CLOUD RESELLER ACTIVITES.

### **WHO WE ARE**
DEPENDING ON WHERE PARTNER IS DOMICILED, “WE”, “US’ OR “TENCENT” IN THESE TERMS MEANS THE FOLLOWING TENCENT ENTITY:
<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th><b>DOMICILE</b></th>
<th><b>TENCENT ENTITY</b></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>If Partner is domiciled in European Economic Area, UK and Switzerland</td>
    <td><strong> Tencent Cloud Europe B.V</strong>., a Dutch registered company located at Buitenveldertselaan 1-5, 1082 VA, Amsterdam, the Netherlands</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>If Partner is domiciled in North America</td>
    <td><strong> Tencent Cloud LLC</strong>, a Delaware corporation registered company located at Claremont2747 Park Blvd, Palo Alto, CA 94306., if Partner is located in North America</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>If Partner is domiciled in South Korea</td>
    <td><strong>Tencent Korea Yuhan Hoesa</strong>, 152, Taeheran-ro, Gangnam-gu (Gangnam Finance Center, Yeoksam-dong), Seoul, South Korea, if Partner is located in South Korea</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>If Partner is domiciled in rest of the world except the People’s Republic of China</td>
    <td><strong> Tencent Cloud InternationalPte Ltd</strong>, a Singapore-registered company located at 10 Anson Road, #21-07, International Plaza, Singapore</td>
</tr>
</tbody></table>

THIS AGREEMENT SETS OUT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT APPLY TO THE PARTNER BEING APPOINTED AS AN AUTHORISED RESELLER OF TENCENT SERVICES IN THE AUTHORIZED RESELLER TERRITORY. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT TENCENT MAY AMEND THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AT ANY TIME BY POSTING THE UPDATED TERMS ON THE PARTNER CONSOLE AND WILL BE EFFECTIVE NO EARLIER THAN 7 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF POSTING.

#### 1.DEFINITIONS
(a)  “**Applicable Data Protection Laws**” means, in respect of a Party, any law, statute, declaration, decree, directive, legislative enactment, order, ordinance, regulation, rule or other binding instrument relating to the protection of Personal Data, in each case as amended, consolidated, re-enacted or replaced from time to time, including but not limited to, as applicable, the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("**GDPR**"), the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (“**UK** **DPA**”), the UK General Data Protection Regulation as defined by the UK DPA as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“**CCPA**”).

(b)  “**Authorized Reseller Territory**” or “**Territory**” means the territory or territories where Partner is authorized to Resell Tencent Services, which shall be confirmed by Tencent via the Partner Account in the Partner Console.

(c)  “**Console Documentation**” means the information relating to the user guides, pricing, operation, support, functions of Tencent Services and the Console that are made available via the Console.

(d)  “**Data Processing Addendum**” means the then-current data processing agreement applicable to the Tencent Services, as located at https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1085/47312 and updated from time to time.

(e)  “**End User**” means a purchaser who is a customer of Partner and subscribes to any Tencent Services under a Subscription Agreement from the Partner for such purchaser’s own internal use and not for resale, transfer, or distribution to third parties.

(f)  “**End User Purchase**” means any purchase of Tencent Services by an End User.

(g)  “**European Economic Area**” means the member countries of the European Union specified in the official website of the European Union (https://europa.eu/european-union/about-eu/countries_en). 

(h)  “**Existing Customer of Tencent Services**” means a customer who already has a Tencent Cloud CID (Tencent Cloud Account ID)  and/or any person/entity who have been purchasing Tencent Services directly from either Tencent, an authorized distributor or an authorized reseller.

(i)  “**North America**” means Canada and the United States of America.

(j)  “**Partner Account**” means the Partner’s own login account for accessing the Console to administer and manage reseller activities relating to this Agreement.

(k)  “**Partner** **Console**” means the area designated as Console in the Tencent Cloud portal at http://intl.cloud.tencent.com. The Partner Console will provide Partner with Console Documentation, updates, and online tools to administer and manage Partner’s reseller activities relating to this Agreement.

(l)  “**Personal Data**” shall have the meaning as set out in the Applicable Data Protection Laws, and where such term is not defined in Applicable Data Protection Laws such term shall be defined by reference to the materially analogous term in the Applicable Data Protection Laws, and in respect of Data Subjects located in the state of California, “Data Subject” shall have the meaning given to the term “*Consumer*” in the CCPA and “Personal Data” shall have the meaning given to the term “*Personal Information*” in the CCPA. 

(m)  “**Reseller** **Price List**” means the Tencent Service price list provided by Tencent to Partner as a reference for the applicable Territory and as may be amended, supplemented, or modified by Tencent.

(n) “**Resell**” or “**Resale**” means with respect to any Tencent Service, any resale or distribution of such Tencent Service to any End User in the Territory. 

(o)  “**Tencent Services**” means software, content, digital materials and other items and services made available as a service offering by Tencent to Partner under the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any such service offerings made available to Partner for purchase via the Tencent Cloud international portal at intl.cloud.tencent.com.

(p)“**Updates**” means periodic updates to Tencent Services that Tencent may provide from time to time.

#### 2 **APPOINTMENT AND GENERAL OBLIGATIONS**

<p>(a)	<u>Appointment</u>. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Tencent hereby authorizes and appoints Partner to Resell, on a non-exclusive basis, subscriptions to Tencent Services to End Users for their own use solely in the Authorized Reseller Territory, on the condition that Partner may not resell to an Existing Customer of Tencent Services. Partner will use its best efforts to promote and market the Tencent Services and to increase sales of the Tencent Services in the Territory. Tencent reserves the right to (by itself or by authorizing a third party to) promote, market, Resell, and support the Tencent Services inside and outside of the Territory to any End User. For the avoidance of doubt, Partner shall not Resell any Tencent Services outside the Territory, unless otherwise agreed in writing by Tencent.</p>
<p>(b)	<u>Account Managers</u>. Each party will designate and notify the other party of such designation in writing a single point of contact within its organization to manage the relationship between the parties as established by this Agreement (“<strong>Account Manager</strong>”). The Account Managers will meet as necessary to discuss the business relationship and manage the activities contemplated by this Agreement. Disputes that cannot be resolved by the Account Managers will be escalated to more senior executives for resolution.</p>
<p>(c)	<u>Partner Console Management</u>. Partner shall administer and manage Resell activities relating to End Users through the functions and tools provided through Partner Console or via other processes authorized or designated by Tencent. Partner shall create a Partner Account in Partner Console in order to access and use Partner Console, and comply with all applicable terms and conditions governing its use of Partner Console. Partner will be provided a special URL link to enable its End Users to create a Tencent Cloud account and to submit subscription orders to purchase Tencent Services. All such End Users’ Tencent Cloud accounts will be linked to the Partner account identifying the Partner being the reseller. </p>
<p>(d)	<u>Terms of Sale</u>. The End Users of a Partner who make purchases of Tencent Services will be associated as a purchase from the Partner and all such End Users transactions will be identified as a reseller sales transaction. In the interest of limiting each party’s liability to End Users and protecting certain rights, in connection with Partner’s Sale of the Tencent Services, Partner will obtain a signed agreement with each End User that incorporates substantially the terms and conditions as required by this Agreement, and upon reasonable request of Tencent, Partner will provide Tencent with a copy of its form agreement. Partner will use its best efforts to ensure that End Users abide by the terms of Partner’s agreement. All End Users must accept all applicable terms and conditions relating to use of Tencent Services including, without limitation, the Tencent Cloud Reseller Customer Terms of Service, Acceptable Use Policy, Privacy Policy and other terms and conditions in the Tencent Cloud portal. </p>
<p>(e)	<u>Relationship. Partner</u> is an independent contractor of Tencent under this Agreement. All financial obligations associated with Partner’s business are the responsibility of Partner. The parties acknowledge and agree that Partner will be the primary point of contact with End Users and will be solely responsible for maintaining the relationship with such End Users (including managing all respective End User accounts and related resources). However, Tencent may, in its sole discretion, contact any such End User to resolve issues or to comply with applicable laws. All Sales and other agreements between Partner and its End Users are Partner’s exclusive responsibility.</p>
<p>(f)	<u>Marketing</u>. The parties will use commercially reasonable efforts to either independently or work together to identify, pursue and/or carry out promotional opportunities designed to enhance the relationship contemplated by this Agreement. These efforts may include: (i) the promotion of this relationship by each party within their respective organizations; (ii) website promotion; (iii) trade show collaboration; (iv) EDMs and newsletter highlights; (v) participation in public relations activities; (vi) use of each other’s trademarks on specific targeted creative advertising executions; and (vii) press releases. Each party shall be responsible for complying with all applicable personal data and privacy laws when carrying out marketing activities.</p>
<p>(g)	<u>Tencent Trademarks</u>. Tencent hereby grants to Partner a non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable license in the Territory to use the trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos of Tencent (“Tencent Trademarks”), during the Term and solely in the Territory and solely in connection with Partner’s marketing, promotional, and Sales of the Tencent Services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Partner will ensure that its use of any Tencent Trademark complies with Tencent’s then-current trademark use guidelines as may be changed by Tencent from time to time. Any use of Tencent’s Trademarks by Partner will first be submitted to Tencent for approval. Partner will not alter or remove any Tencent Trademarks provided with or embedded in the Tencent Services. Other than otherwise expressly provided herein, nothing contained in this Agreement will grant or will be deemed to grant to Partner any right, title, or interest in or to Tencent’s Trademarks. All uses of Tencent’s Trademarks and related goodwill will inure solely to Tencent. Partner may not register or attempt to register, directly or indirectly, within the Territory or elsewhere, any trademarks, service marks, or URLs that utilize, or that are confusingly similar to, a Tencent Trademark. </p>
<p>(h)	<u>Partner Trademarks</u>. Partner hereby grants to Tencent a non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable license in the Territory to use the trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos of Partner (“<strong>Partner Trademarks</strong>”) that are provided by Partner and/or uploaded by Partner to the Partner Console, during the Term and solely in the Territory and solely in connection with Tencent’s marketing and promotion of the Tencent Services involving Partner’s participation as a reseller of Tencent Services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Tencent will ensure that its use of any Partner Trademark complies with Partner’s then-current trademark use guidelines as may be changed by Partner from time to time. Other than otherwise expressly provided herein, nothing contained in this Agreement will grant or will be deemed to grant to Tencent any right, title, or interest in or to Partner’s Trademarks. All uses of Partner’s Trademarks and related goodwill will inure solely to Partner. Tencent may not register or attempt to register, directly or indirectly, within the Territory or elsewhere, any trademarks, service marks, or URLs that utilize, or that are confusingly similar to, a Partner Trademark. For the avoidance of doubt, Tencent may identify Partner as a reseller/partner of the Tencent Services on its website and marketing and promotional materials.  </p>

#### **3.**   **RESALE OF** **TENCENT SERVICES**

<p>(a)	<u>Partner Orders and Acceptance</u>. Partner shall initiate a purchase order for Tencent Services through the standard ordering process on Tencent Cloud international portal, Partner Console or through an order form in a format designated by Tencent and Partner shall specify the purchase order details (e.g., such as applicable price to be paid, type and volume ordered, minimum commitment, product activation date, term, and End User identity, address and entity details). Tencent will use commercially reasonable efforts, but not obligated, to accept purchase order requests. No purchase order request will become effective until Tencent’s acceptance (each such purchase order as accepted, a “<strong>Purchase Order</strong>”). Each Purchase Order will be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency or conflict between a Purchase Order and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement will prevail and control unless that Purchase Order specifically provides that its terms will supersede the terms of this Agreement, in which case such terms will only apply to that Purchase Order.
<p>(b)	<u>Account Access</u>. Tencent will use commercially reasonable efforts to fulfill all Purchase Orders and once Purchase Order is accepted, Partner will be responsible to arrange for its End User to set up a Tencent Cloud account (either as a separate End User account or a sub-account for End User under the Partner account through the Partner Console) so as to facilitate their access to the Tencent Services purchased by such End Users. For all such End Users accounts, they will be associated with their relevant Partner’s account in the Partner Console so as to enable Partner to manage reseller activities related to its End Users’ accounts.</p>
<p>(c)	<u>Subscription Agreement</u>. Partner must require each End User to agree and enter into a valid and enforceable written agreement that meets all of the following requirements (a “<strong>Subscription Agreement</strong>”): (i) contains terms and conditions that are at least as restrictive and protective of Tencent as the Tencent Cloud Reseller Customer Terms of Service and applicable terms and conditions for that Tencent Service (which terms and conditions may be made available at intl.cloud.tencent.com and any supplemental URLs thereto and successor URLs thereof) (without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Subscription Agreement must disclaim, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, Tencent’s liability for any damages, whether direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential, arising from the use of the Tencent Services, except for the express warranties made by Tencent in the applicable terms and conditions for that Tencent Service); (ii)  does not make any representations, warranties, or guarantees concerning the Tencent Services that are inconsistent with or in addition to those made by Tencent in this Agreement; (iii) names Tencent as an intended third party beneficiary with the right to enforce the terms of that Subscription Agreement;(iv) provides that, upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, that Subscription Agreement will automatically terminate or provide Partner the right to assign that Subscription Agreement to Tencent or any of its affiliates without End User’s consent; and (v)  specifies that access to Tencent Services may be immediately suspended or terminated if the End User is in default. Partner will be responsible for collecting payment from each End User. Partner will use its best efforts to enforce each Subscription Agreement with at least the same degree of diligence used in enforcing similar agreements governing others, which in any event will be sufficient to adequately enforce each Subscription Agreement. Partner will use its best efforts to protect Tencent’s proprietary intellectual property rights, promptly notify Tencent of any breach of a material obligation under a Subscription Agreement affecting any part of a Tencent Service, and cooperate with Tencent in any legal action to prevent or stop unauthorized use of any Tencent Service. Partner will provide to Tencent copies of all executed Subscription Agreements upon request, and will cooperate with Tencent if Tencent elects to enforce a Subscription Agreement directly against an End User. Partner acknowledges that Tencent is a third party beneficiary of each Subscription Agreement. </p>

#### **4.**   **PRICING, PAYMENTS, AND REPORTING**

<p>(a)	<u>Pricing</u>. For each Purchase Order for Tencent Services that are accepted by Tencent, Partner shall pay to Tencent the agreed price for the Tencent Services purchased in the corresponding Purchase Orders. Partner will Resell the Tencent Services at such price as Partner may independently determine as commercially reasonable. Partner shall be solely responsible for collecting all applicable fees from End Users. Partner shall accurately record in its account books the price applicable to its End User for the End User Purchase of the relevant Tencent Service.</p>
<p>(b)	<u>Price Change</u>. The prices specified in Reseller Price List will be subject to change in Tencent’s sole discretion, which change will be provided in accordance with Tencent’s internal practices. Price change will apply to corresponding Tencent Services once such price change becomes effective. </p>
<p>(c)	<u>Payment and Collection</u>. Except as otherwise set forth in a Purchase Order or where payments in advance are applicable for certain Tencent Services: (i) Tencent will invoice Partner monthly (or such other period communicated by Tencent to Partner) in arrears, for all End User Purchases for each and every End User associated with the Partner and services performed by Tencent, including any one-time charges included in the applicable Purchase Order; and (ii) Partner will pay Tencent within 30 days of the date of invoice. Partner is solely responsible for billing and collecting all amounts from its End Users. Non-payment of applicable fees by End Users will not relieve Partner of its obligation to pay to Tencent the agreed price for Tencent Services purchased under an accepted Purchase Order. Tencent reserves the right to suspend provision of Tencent Services to relevant End Users if Tencent does not receive payment from Partner with respect to the Tencent Services purchased through Partner by such End Users and Partner shall be solely liable and will indemnify Tencent for any claims arising from any such suspension.</p>
<p>(d)	<u>Product Changes</u>. Tencent may, at its sole discretion, subject to applicable laws, without incurring any liability to Partner, change the features of, or discontinue, any Tencent Services provided hereunder. Tencent will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify Partner in advance of any such changes. </p>
<p>(e)	<u>Currency and Late Payment</u>. Any amount not paid when due will be subject to finance charges at the lower rate of: (i) 1.5% of the unpaid balance per month; and (ii) the highest rate permitted by applicable usury law in the applicable Territory, determined and compounded daily from the date on which such amount becomes due until the date on which such amount is fully paid. Partner will reimburse any actual costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by Tencent to collect any amount that is not paid when due. Tencent may accept payment in any amount without prejudice to Tencent’s right to recover the balance of the amount due or to pursue any other right or remedy. Amounts due from Partner under this Agreement may not be withheld or offset by Partner against amounts due to Partner for any reason. All amounts payable under this Agreement are denominated in United States dollars, and Partner will pay all such amounts in United States dollars by wire transfer to bank account designated by Tencent.</p>
<p>(f)	<u>Taxes</u>. Other than net income taxes imposed on Tencent from the applicable tax authorities, Partner will bear all taxes, duties, and other governmental charges (collectively, “taxes”) resulting from this Agreement. Partner will pay any additional taxes as are necessary to ensure that the net amounts received by Tencent after all such taxes are paid are equal to the amounts that Tencent would have been entitled to in accordance with this Agreement as if the taxes did not exist. Tencent will not be responsible for any taxes arising from the Resale of Tencent Services from Partner to End Users.
<p>(g)	<u>Obligation to Pay</u>. Partner bears sole responsibility to pay for Tencent Services ordered under each Purchase Order regardless of any non-payments by any of its End Users.</p>
<p>(h)	<u>Records and Audit Rights</u>. During the Term and for a period of 3 years thereafter, Partner will maintain at its primary place of business full, true, current, and accurate books of account (kept in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles) and records concerning all transactions and activities under this Agreement. Such books and records will include all record and data that Partner is required to provide with respect to Tencent Service purchases (including End User contact information). The Partner shall at any time requested by Tencent, whether during or after completion of this Agreement, make such records available for inspection and audit (including copies and extracts of records as required) by Tencent. Such records shall be made available to Tencent during normal business hours at the Partner’s office or place of business and subject to seven days prior written notice. In the event that no such location is available, then the financial records, together with the supporting or underlying documents and records, shall be made available for audit at a time and location that is convenient for Tencent.</p>
<p>(i)	<u>Incentives. Tencent may</u>, in its sole discretion, provide Partner additional incentives for Partner’s performance under this Agreement, including discounts (which will be provided on a case-by-case basis), commissions and/or rebates (which will be provided in accordance with relevant commissions and/or rebates policies and rules that are communicated to Partner in writing), subject to any adjustments under Section 5(h).   </p>
<p>(j)	 <u>Singapore Services</u>. Partner acknowledges and agrees that certain Tencent Services in Singapore are provided by Tencent’s Affiliate, Aceville Pte. Ltd. (a Singapore registered company located at 30 Raﬄes Place, #12-01, Oxley @ Raﬄes, Singapore 048622) (“Aceville”), and Tencent is acting as an agent of Aceville in respect of such Tencent Services in Singapore until such time notified by Tencent that Tencent Cloud International Pte Ltd. has obtained the necessary regulatory approvals to provide such Tencent Services in Singapore, following which, such Tencent Services shall be provided by Tencent Cloud International Pte. Ltd. Following the issuance of such notification, Partner agrees and acknowledges that Tencent shall automatically be deemed to no longer be acting as an agent for Aceville to reflect these arrangements.</p>



#### 5.  **PARTNER AND TENCENT OBLIGATIONS**
<p>(a)	Business Conduct. Partner will use its best efforts to market, promote, and Resell the Tencent Services in the Territory and to conduct its business in such manner as will reflect favorably on Tencent and the Tencent Services, and Partner will not engage in any deceptive, misleading, illegal or unethical business practice. Partner will:
    <br>(i)	not, and will not permit or authorize any third parties (including, without limitation, End Users) to: (a) modify, translate, enhance, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or create derivative works of any Tencent Services (except to the extent such a restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law, and where Partner is permitted by law to so reverse engineer, Partner will contact Tencent to obtain the desired information prior to such reverse engineering); (b) use the Tencent Services for the operation of nuclear facilities, air traffic control, or life support systems, where the use or failure of the Tencent Services could lead to death, personal injury, or environmental damage; (c) access or use the Tencent Services in any way that violates any applicable laws or any applicable end user license agreement or other applicable terms and conditions; or (d) access the Tencent Services in a manner intended to avoid incurring fees or otherwise avoiding usage limitations;
    <br>(ii)	engage in advertising and promotional activities solely in the Territory, designate each Tencent Service by its correct name and identify such Tencent Service as the Tencent Service being marketed by Partner;
    <br>(iii)	maintain a qualified sales organization, which will communicate with End Users and potential customers in the Territory;
    <br>(iv)	maintain an adequate staff of trained technicians to provide required support to all End Users;
    <br>(v)	maintain a valid resale certificate from local tax authorities, if required by local law, and submit proof thereof to Tencent upon request;
    <br>(vi)	in advertising, marketing, and reselling the Tencent Services and otherwise performing under this Agreement, (1) not to engage in any deceptive, misleading, illegal, or unethical practices; (2) not to make any representations, warranties, or guarantees concerning the Tencent Services that are inconsistent with or in addition to those made by Tencent in this Agreement; and (3) comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If Tencent disapproves of any of Partner’s advertising or marketing activities, then Partner must immediately stop the activity and take all steps necessary to remove marketing materials related to the activity; and
    <br>(vii)	report to Tencent any defects, bugs, or other errors (including safety problems) that it discovers or becomes aware of.  </p>
<p>(b)	Support. Partner and Tencent will provide support to End Users and Tencent will provide support to Partner as follows:   
</p>

<table>
    <thead>
    <tr>
    <th>Support Level</th>
         <th>Support provided by Partner to End Users</th>
        <th>Support provided by Tencent to Second-Level Reseller</th>
   </tr>
        <tr>
        <td><b>Tier 1 Support</b></td>
            <td>•	Troubleshooting for End Users <br>•	Setup and configuration assistance</br> </td>
            <td rowspan="3">For support services, Partner shall purchase the appropriate support plan (Standard / Commercial / Enterprise) based on its needs and requirements. Separate monthly charges apply. For details, please see https://www.tencentcloud.com/partner/support</td>
            </tr>
        <tr>
        <td><b>Tier 2 Support</b></td>
        <td>•	Troubleshooting for End Users with assistance from Tencent</td>
            </tr>
        <tr>
        <td><b>Tier 3 Support</b></td>
        <td>•	Troubleshooting for End Users with assistance from Tencent</td>
            </tr>
<table/>
<p>For the avoidance of doubt, Tencent may redirect any End Users requests for support to Partner as appropriate in accordance with the above conditions.</p>
<p>(c)	Market Updates. Each party will use commercially reasonable efforts to keep the other party informed of market developments concerning the Tencent Services.</p>
<p>(d)	Training</p>
<p>    (i)	Partner will ensure that all of their respective sales representatives, technical support personnel, and agents will receive appropriate and adequate training relating to the Tencent Services. Partner will inform and educate its sales representatives, technical support personnel, and agents about the nature of the business relationship between the parties and Tencent Services.</p>
<p>    (ii)	Tencent, at its discretion, may provide Partner’s sales and technical support personnel training, which may include: (1) demonstrations of the Tencent Services; (2) summaries of market and competitive positioning; (3) materials regarding key features, benefits, and value of Tencent Services to End Users; (4) marketing materials; (5) common technical and support issues; and (6) any other information that may be beneficial for the provision of sales and technical support. Such training may be provided at additional fees and expenses, in which case such additional fees and expenses will be subject to separate agreement between Tencent and Partner.</p>
<p>(e)	Consents and Permits. Partner is solely responsible (at its sole expense) for obtaining all licenses, consents, and approvals that are necessary to its performance of this Agreement (including those that are required for the resale of Tencent Services in the Territory).
<p>(f)	Demonstration Versions or Accounts. Tencent, at its sole discretion, may provide Partner with demonstration versions or accounts of the Tencent Services for Partner to use in its marketing and promotion of the Tencent Services. Partner’s use of such demonstration versions may be subject to additional terms and restrictions.</p>
<p>(g)	Updates. If Tencent discontinues or makes any changes to the Tencent Services that would materially decrease the functionality of the affected Tencent Services, Tencent will use commercially reasonable efforts to inform Partner of the change with reasonable advance notice before it goes into effect. Tencent may make the change, and will not be obligated to provide notice, if the discontinuation or change is necessary to: (i) address an emergency or threat to the security or integrity of the Tencent Services; or (ii) comply with or respond to litigation, address intellectual property rights concerns, or comply with the law or government requests. Subject to the foregoing, Tencent may provide Updates to the Tencent Services from time to time. Tencent may also make new features or functionality available from time to time and add new services to the Tencent Services from time to time.</p>
<p>(h)	End Users Refunds. If End User seeks to exercise its right to refund under applicable laws, Partner shall promptly notify Tencent and provide with all necessary information relating to the End User’s refund request. Tencent will review the request and, if required under applicable laws, initiate the refund process by providing a refund or service credit to Partner and in turn Partner shall promptly process the End User refund request and revert to the End User. If Tencent receives a refund request from End User directly, the refund request will be redirected to Partner to follow up on the relevant purchase order between Partner and End User. For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation for any incentives pursuant to Section 4(i) hereunder will not include any amounts that are refunded to End Users. If incentives have already been provided to Partner before the refunds are made to End Users, and Partner would not have received certain incentives if the calculations for such incentives excluded the refunded amounts, then any such incentives which otherwise Partner would not be entitled will be automatically deemed to be void and nullified and will be removed from the Partner account. If such incentives have already been consumed by Partner before they can be removed from the Partner account, then such incentives will be deducted in the next round of the incentives entitlement calculations.</p>

#### 6.TERM AND TERMINATION
<p> (a)	<u>Term</u>. This Agreement commences when the Partner creates a Tencent Cloud Reseller Partner Account and click the “Agree” button to this Agreement and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with this Section 6. 
<p>(b)	<u>Termination without Cause</u>. Tencent may terminate this Agreement without cause upon 60 days prior written notice to Partner.</p>
<p>(c)	<u>Termination for Cause</u>. Either party may terminate this Agreement if the other party commits a material breach of this Agreement and fails to cure that material breach within 30 days following its receipt of notice regarding that material breach from the non-breaching party. Tencent may terminate this Agreement when it is required to do so by applicable law, court order or requirements imposed by government bodies, or if Tencent otherwise determines that it is reasonable to do so in order to ensure that Tencent does not violate or risk violation of the same.</p>
<p>(d)	<u>Effects of Termination</u></p>
<p>(i)	Upon termination of this Agreement, all rights granted to Partner shall be terminated immediately, Partner shall cease all Resell of Tencent Services and all use of the Tencent Trademarks as contemplated under this Agreement. Tencent shall cease all use of the Partner Trademarks as contemplated under this Agreement, both Tencent and Partner shall work in good faith for a transition of the End Users, including without limitation, whether to terminate or assign their subscription agreements to Tencent, one of its affiliates or to another reseller partner;</p>
<p>(ii)	Partner will, at Tencent’s direction, terminate Distribution Agreements and Subscription Agreements or assign Distribution Agreements and Subscription Agreements to Tencent or one of its affiliates and provide contact and other reasonable information to Tencent about transferred End Users; and</p>
<p>(iii)	Partner will pay Tencent all amounts, if any, which remain outstanding and unpaid under any Purchase Order that are accepted prior to the date of termination as and when such amounts become due.</p>
<p> (e)	<u>Survival</u>. The following provisions will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement: Sections 1, 4(e), 4(g), 4(h), 5(h), 6(d), 6(e), 7(d), 8 to 14. The termination or expiration of this Agreement will not relieve Partner of: (i) the obligation to pay any fees that are due to Tencent under this Agreement; or (ii) Partner’s obligation to indemnify Tencent as specified in this Agreement.</p>

#### 7.  **SUSPENSION RIGHTS**
<p> (a)	<u>Suspension of Partner’s access to Tencent Services by Tencent</u>. Tencent retains the right to immediately upon written notice suspend Partner’s access to any or all Tencent Services resold by Partner if (i) Partner fails to make any payment of agreed price for Tencent Services purchased under a Purchase Order to Tencent when due, (ii) Partner has breached any terms of this Agreement, or (iii) the resale of Tencent Services by Partner will violate any applicable laws or regulations, and Tencent may continue to impose the suspension indefinitely until the aforesaid issues have been rectified to the satisfaction of Tencent.</p>
<p> (b)	<u>Suspension of End User’s access to Tencent Services by Tencent</u>. Tencent retains the right to immediately upon written notice suspend an End User’s access to any or all Tencent Services purchased from Reseller if (i) any conditions in Section 7(a) apply; (ii) such End User fails to make any payment of fees for Tencent Services purchased from Reseller when due; (iii) the credit balance allocated by Partner or Reseller in relation to such End User’s Tencent Cloud account falls to 0 (zero) or below; (iv) such End User has breached any terms and conditions applicable to the use of the relevant Tencent Services and/or the Subscription Agreement, or (v) the provision of Tencent Services to End User will violate any applicable laws or regulations, and Tencent may continue to impose the suspension indefinitely until the aforesaid issues have been rectified to the satisfaction of Tencent.</p>
<p> (c)	<u>Suspension of End User’s access to Tencent Services by Partner</u>. Subject to prior approval by Tencent, Partner may also exercise the right to suspend its  End User’s access to any or all of Tencent Services resold by Partner if (i) such End User has breached any terms and conditions applicable to the use of the relevant Tencent Services and/or the Subscription Agreement; (ii) such End User fails to make any payment of fees for Tencent Services purchased from Partner when due; or (iii) the resale of Tencent Services by Partner to End User will violate any applicable laws and regulations. </p>
<p> (d)	<u>Suspension Override by Partner</u>. For selected End Users which are determined by Partner and configured through the Partner Console, Partner may override the suspension of the End User’s access to Tencent Services even if the credit balance allocated by Partner in relation to such End User’s Tencent Cloud account falls to 0 (zero) or below provided always that Partner shall be responsible to repay and indemnify Tencent of all additional fees that are incurred by such End User after their credit balance falls to 0.  </p>

#### 8.  **INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS NOTICES**
<p>(a)	<u>Intellectual Property</u>. All right, title, and interest in and to the Tencent Services and any derivative work thereof, including all intellectual property rights therein, are and will remain exclusively with Tencent. Partner has no right or license with respect to any Tencent Services, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement. Partner may not act to jeopardize, limit, or interfere in any manner with Tencent’s ownership of and rights with respect to the Tencent Services. </p>
<p>(b)	<u>Proprietary Rights Notices</u>. Partner may not remove or alter any trademark, trade name, copyright, patent, patent pending, or other proprietary notices, legends, symbols, or labels appearing on or with the Tencent Services or related documentation provided by Tencent. </p>

#### 9.**WARRANTIES; DISCLAIMER**

<p>(a)	<u>Warranties</u>. Unless expressly specified otherwise in a Purchase Order, Tencent represents and warrants that each Tencent Service will be provided consistently with, and will meet, the applicable General Service Level Agreement (as further described at https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/301/12905) (each, an “SLA”). With respect to Tencent’s failure to meet the applicable SLA for a Tencent Service, Partner’s sole and exclusive remedy, and Tencent’s sole and exclusive liability, will be service credits provided pursuant to the terms of the applicable SLA. Partner represents and warrants that (a) it has the full legal power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement, (b) the performance of its obligations under this Agreement will not violate any other agreement to which it is a party, and (c) it will comply with all applicable laws when performing its obligations under this Agreement.</p>
<p>(b)	<u>Disclaimer</u>. EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN SECTION 9(a), TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TENCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THE TENCENT SERVICES. ALL TENCENT SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”. TENCENT MAKES NO ADDITIONAL REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED (EITHER IN FACT OR BY OPERATION OF LAW), OR STATUTORY, AS TO ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER. TENCENT EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUALITY, ACCURACY, INFRINGEMENT AND TITLE. TENCENT DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH THE ENJOYMENT OF THE TENCENT SERVICES OR AGAINST INFRINGEMENT. TENCENT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE TENCENT SERVICES ARE ERROR-FREE OR THAT OPERATION OF THE TENCENT SERVICES WILL BE SECURE OR UNINTERRUPTED. PARTNER WILL NOT HAVE THE RIGHT TO MAKE OR PASS ON ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTIES ON BEHALF OF TENCENT TO ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY. USE OF ANY INFORMATION OR DATA OBTAINED THROUGH THE TENCENT SERVICES IS AT PARTNER’S AND EACH END USER’S SOLE RISK. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT TENCENT WILL BEAR NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR QUALITY OF INFORMATION OR DATA OBTAINED THROUGH THE TENCENT SERVICES. </p>

#### **10.**   **INDEMNIFICATION**

<p>(a)	<U>Indemnification by Partner</U>. Partner hereby indemnifies, defends, and holds harmless of Tencent and its affiliates and their respective employees, directors, agents, and representatives (“<strong>Tencent Indemnified Parties</strong>”) from and against any and all third party claims, demands, suits, actions, judgments, damages, costs, losses, expenses (including attorneys’ fees) and other liabilities (each, a “<strong>Claim</strong>”) arising from or relating to: (i) any actual or alleged breach of any of the representations, warranties, or covenants made by Partner under this Agreement; (ii) any actual or alleged breach of any agreement between Partner and End User; (iii) any violation of or non-compliance with any applicable law; (iv) any unauthorized use or violation of a Tencent Service by an End User; or (v) Partner’s negligence or willful misconduct.
    (b)	<U>Indemnification Procedures</U>. Tencent will promptly give Partner written notice of the Claim and will grant to Partner control over the defense and settlement of the Claim. Upon reasonable request by Partner, Tencent will provide assistance in connection with the defense and settlement of the Claim. However, Tencent’s failure to comply with one or more of the obligations in the preceding sentence will not relieve Partner of its obligations under this Section 10 except and solely to the extent that such failure materially prejudices Partner’s defense of the Claim. Partner may not settle any Claim without Tencent’s prior written consent.

####  **11.**   **PRIVACY AND END USERS DATA**   

<p>(a)	<u>Data Privacy Compliance</u>. Partner shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection, and where applicable, provide all necessary notices to and obtain sufficient consents and authorizations from End Users and any other persons providing Personal Data to Partner and Tencent in connection with the processing of Personal Data by Partner, Tencent and its affiliates pursuant to this Agreement. Tencent is entitled to collect, use, transfer and process End Users’ data in accordance with the Tencent Cloud Terms of Service, Acceptable Use Policy, Privacy Policy and other terms and conditions in the Tencent Cloud portal. 
<p>(b)	<u>Data Processing Addendum</u>. Partner and Tencent agree and acknowledge that to the extent that any performance pursuant to this Agreement constitutes the processing of any Personal Data and/or is otherwise subject to any applicable laws relating to the processing of Personal Data and data protection in general in effect in any relevant jurisdiction, the parties shall agree that such performance of this Agreement and/or processing of Personal Data shall be subject to the terms of the Data Processing Addendum in the Tencent Cloud portal. In the event of conflict between this Agreement and the terms in the Data Processing Addendum, the terms in the Data Processing Addendum shall prevail.</p> 
<p>(c)	<u>End Users’ Data</u>. Partner shall only use End Users’ data solely for the purpose of providing End Users with the Tencent Services and support services in accordance with this Agreement and to provide assistance to the End Users as well as managing and administering the End Users’ records relating to their use and purchase of Tencent Services. If Partner receives a request for End Users’ data from law enforcement authorities, then Partner shall redirect the authorities to request that data directly from the End Users. If compelled to disclose End Users’ data to law enforcement authorities, Partner shall promptly notify End Users together with a copy of the official notice from the law enforcement authorities, unless it is illegal to do so. If Tencent is compelled to disclose End Users' data and related information to law enforcement authorities, Partner shall co-operate fully with Tencent to satisfy all requests from the law enforcement authorities including, without limitation, to obtain all necessary consents from such End User(s) to give full force and effect to this section to provide such End User(s)'s data and related information to the law enforcement authorities</p>

#### **12.**   **CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION**

<p>(a)	<u>Definition</u>. “Confidential Information” means any proprietary information of a party to this Agreement disclosed by one party to the other that is in written, graphic, machine readable, or other tangible form and is marked “Confidential” or “Proprietary” or in some other manner to indicate its confidential nature. The Tencent Services and related information will be the Confidential Information of Tencent. Confidential Information also includes oral disclosures provided that such information is designated as confidential at the time of disclosure and reduced to a written summary by the disclosing party within 30 days after its oral disclosure, which is marked in a manner to indicate its confidential nature and delivered to the receiving party.</p>
<p>(b)	<u>Exceptions</u>. Confidential Information will not include any information that: (i) was publicly known and made generally available prior to the time of disclosure by the disclosing party; (ii) becomes publicly known and made generally available after disclosure by the disclosing party to the receiving party through no action or inaction of the receiving party; (iii) is already in the possession of the receiving party at the time of disclosure; or (iv) is obtained by the receiving party from a third party without a breach of such third party’s obligations of confidentiality.</p>
<p>(c)	<u>Non-Use and Non-Disclosure</u>. During the Term and thereafter, each party will: (i) treat as confidential all Confidential Information of the other party; (ii) not disclose such Confidential Information to any third party, except on a “need to know” basis to third parties that have signed a non-disclosure agreement containing provisions substantially as protective as the terms of this Section provided that the disclosing party has obtained the written consent to such disclosure from the other party; and (iii) will not use such Confidential Information except in connection with performing its obligations or exercising its rights under this Agreement. Each party is permitted to disclose the other party’s Confidential Information if required by law so long as the other party is given prompt written notice of such requirement prior to disclosure and assistance in obtaining an order protecting such information from public disclosure. </p>
<p>(d)	<u>Confidentiality of Agreement</u>. Neither party may disclose the existence or terms of this Agreement to any third party without the consent of the other party, except that each party may disclose the terms of this Agreement: (i) in connection with the requirements of a public offering or securities filing; (ii) in confidence, to accountants, banks, and financing sources and their advisors; (iii) in confidence, in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement or rights under this Agreement; or (iv) in confidence, in connection with a merger or acquisition or proposed merger or acquisition, or the like.</p>
<p>(e)	<u>Return of Materials</u>. Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, or upon earlier request, each party will deliver to the other all Confidential Information that it may have in its possession or control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither party will be required to return materials that it must retain in order to receive the benefits of this Agreement or properly perform in accordance with this Agreement.   
</p>

#### **13.**   **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

<p>(a)	<u>DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES</u>. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TENCENT WILL NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BE LIABLE TO PARTNER OR END USERS FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF, OR DAMAGE TO, DATA OR CONTENT AND LOSS OF BUSINESS, EVEN IF TENCENT IS APPRISED OF THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING.</p>
<p>(b)	<u>CAP ON LIABILITY</u>. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL TENCENT’S TOTAL LIABILITY OF ALL KINDS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY PARTNER TO TENCENT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE 12 MONTHS PRECEDING THE CLAIM (DETERMINED AS OF THE DATE OF ANY FINAL JUDGMENT IN AN ACTION).</p>
<p>(c)	<u>INDEPENDENT ALLOCATIONS OF RISK</u>. EACH PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT THAT PROVIDES FOR A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, OR EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES IS TO ALLOCATE THE RISKS OF THIS AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES. THIS ALLOCATION IS REFLECTED IN THE COMMISSION OFFERED BY TENCENT TO PARTNER AND IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES. EACH OF THESE PROVISIONS IS SEVERABLE AND INDEPENDENT OF ALL OTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, AND EACH OF THESE PROVISIONS WILL APPLY EVEN IF THE WARRANTIES IN THIS AGREEMENT HAVE FAILED OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.</p>

#### **14.**   **GENERAL**

<p>(a)	<u>Independent Contractors</u>. The relationship of the parties established by this Agreement is that of independent contractors, and nothing contained in this Agreement should be construed to give either party the power to (i) act as an agent or (ii) direct or control the day-to-day activities of the other. Financial and other obligations associated with each party’s business are the sole responsibility of that party.</p>
<p>(b)	<u>Non-Assignability and Binding Effect</u>. Neither party will assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the written consent of the other party, except: (i) that either party may assign this Agreement to a successor to its business (including a successor by way of merger, acquisition, sale of all or substantially all of its assets, or operation of law); and (ii) Tencent may freely assign this Agreement to its affiliates. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns.</p>
<p>(c)	<u>Non-solicitation</u>. During the Term and for a period of one year thereafter, Partner may not, directly or indirectly, employ or solicit the employment or services of a Tencent employee or independent contractor without the prior written consent of Tencent.</p>
<p>(d)	<u>Notices</u>. Except for provisions that expressly allow for email notice, any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement will be effective if it is in writing and sent by certified or registered mail, or insured courier, return receipt requested, to the appropriate party at the physical address specified by Partner in the Partner Account and with the appropriate postage affixed. Either party may change its address for receipt of notice by notice to the other party in accordance with this Section. Notices are deemed given two business days following the date of mailing or one business day following delivery to a courier. For any notice sent to Tencent, copies of the notice will also need to be sent to Tengyun Building, Tower A, No. 397 Tianlin Road, Xuhui District, Shanghai, 200233, China (Attn: International Business Legal Center) and by email to IBLClegalnotice@tencent.com.</p>
<p>(e)	<u>Force Majeure</u>. Nonperformance of either party will be excused to the extent that performance is rendered impossible by strike, fire, flood, governmental acts, orders or restrictions, pandemic or any other reason where failure to perform is beyond the control and not caused by the negligence of the non-performing party.</p>
<p>(f)	<u>Export Control and Sanctions</u>. Partner hereby represents and warrants to Tencent that at the time of entering into this Agreement and throughout the term of the Agreement neither Partner, its subsidiaries, nor any of Partner or Partner’s subsidiaries’ oﬃcers, directors, shareholders, agents or employees, are:</p>
<p>(a)	listed in any list of designated persons maintained by the United States (including, without limitation, the list of “Specially Designated Nationals” as maintained by the Oﬃce of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department, the United Nations Security Council, the United Kingdom (including the Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets as maintained by His Majesty’s Treasury), the European Union and any Member State thereof (including the Consolidated List of Persons, Groups and Entities Subject to Financial Sanctions), or any other list of restricted persons maintained by any authority with jurisdiction over Partner (any person so listed being a “<strong>Restricted Person</strong>”));
<p>(b)	organized under the laws of, operating from or located or resident in a country or territory that is the target of comprehensive sanctions (as of the date of this Agreement, Iran, Cuba, North Korea, Syria and the      Crimea/Sevastopol region and the so-called Donetsk and Luhansk People’s Republics (collectively, “<strong>Sanctioned Territories</strong>”)); or</p>
<p>(c)	controlled or owned 50 percent or more (directly or indirectly) in the aggregate, by one or more Restricted Persons.</p>
    In connection with Partner’s performance of its obligations under this Agreement, Partner will comply with all applicable export controls and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United Nations, PRC, United States, European Union, including its member states; and other applicable government authorities, including without limitation, the U.S Export Administration Regulations (“<strong>EAR</strong>”) and the economic sanctions rules and regulations implemented under statutory authority and/or the U.S. President’s Executive Orders and administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (collectively, “<strong>Trade Laws</strong>”). Partner agrees not to engage in any activities in connection with the performance of its obligations that would violate Trade Laws or that would risk placing Tencent in breach of any Trade Laws and Partner is solely responsible for compliance with Trade Laws related to the manner in which Partner performs its obligations including: (a) Partner's transfer and processing of End User’s data; (b) the provision of End User’s data to End Users; and (c) accurately specifying the Territory in which any of the foregoing occur. For the avoidance of doubt, Partner is solely responsible for compliance with applicable laws (including the Trade Laws) relating to the use of the Tencent Services by the Partner and End Users.</p>
<p>(g)	<u>Relevant Actions</u>. If at any time during the term of the Agreement, (a)  provision of the Tencent Services becomes otherwise restricted or prohibited as a consequence of the imposition of sanctions or by operation of Trade Laws; (b) Tencent reasonably believes a breach of Section 14(f) has occurred or is at risk of occurring; (c) Tencent reasonably believes that Partner or Partner’s subsidiaries are in violation of Trade Laws or are engaging in activities that would risk placing Tencent in breach of any Trade Laws, Tencent shall not be obliged to perform any of its obligations under the Agreement or continue to provide the Tencent Services and shall be entitled, in its sole discretion, to terminate this Agreement, or any relevant Order Forms, and the provision of the Tencent Services with immediate eﬀect and without any liability. Tencent is also entitled to take any other actions against Partner as it deems appropriate in the circumstances, including but not limited to, requesting Partner to remove any content that is subject to export control.</p>
   <p>(h)	<u>Governing Law and Resolution of Disputes</u>. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws as follows:
If Partner is located in Europe Economic Area, UK and Switzerland, this Agreement is governed by and interpreted in accordance with English laws. Any claims for equitable relief may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction even if the parties have chosen an exclusive venue below. Any dispute or difference between the parties arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, its interpretation or subject-matter, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the London Court of International Arbitration (LCIA) Rules, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this section. The seat of arbitration shall be London, the United Kingdom. The language to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be English;
If Partner is located in North America, this Agreement is governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California, USA, without giving effect to provisions related to choice of laws or conflict of laws. Any claims for equitable relief may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction and for all claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Services. Any dispute or difference between the parties arising out of or in connection with this Agreement will be settled by binding arbitration in Santa Clara County, California under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association (the “Association”) and under the rules of the Association in force at the commencement of such arbitration proceedings. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction; and
    If Partner is located in the rest of the world except People’s Republic of China, this Agreement is governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Singapore. Except for the right of either party to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for a temporary restraining order, a preliminary injunction, or other equitable relief to preserve the status quo or prevent irreparable harm, any dispute as to the interpretation, enforcement, breach, or termination of this Agreement will be settled by binding arbitration under the Rules of Singapore International Arbitration Center (“<strong>SIAC Rules</strong>”) by three arbitrators appointed in accordance with the SIAC Rules. The place of arbitration shall be Singapore. The language of proceedings shall be English. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.  The prevailing party will be entitled to receive from the other party its reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs incurred in connection with any arbitration or litigation instituted in connection with this Agreement.</p>
<p>(i)	<u>Remedies Cumulative</u>. The remedies provided to the parties under this Agreement are cumulative and will not exclude any other remedies to which a party may be lawfully entitled.</p>
<p>(j)	<u>Waiver and Severability</u>. The waiver by either party of any breach of this Agreement does not waive any other breach. The failure of any party to insist on strict performance of any covenant or obligation under this Agreement will not be a waiver of such party’s right to demand strict compliance in the future, nor will the same be construed as a novation of this Agreement. If any part of this Agreement is unenforceable, the remaining portions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.</p>
<p>(k)	<u>Entire Agreement</u>. This Agreement is the final and complete expression of all agreements between these parties and supersedes all previous oral and written agreements regarding these matters.</p>
<p>(l)	<u>No Third Party Rights</u>. No one other than a party to this Agreement, their successors and permitted assignees, will have any right to enforce any of its terms. </p>
<p>(m)	<u>Costs</u>. Partner will bear the entire cost, taxes, and expense incurred in connection with its performance of this Agreement.</p>

