### 1. How is CDN billed?
CDN provides two billing methods: **Bill-by-Bandwidth** and **Bill-by-Traffic**. Both methods are postpaid on a daily basis. The charge for total consumption generated during 00:00:00 - 23:59:59 on the current date is billed on the next day. For more information on how to choose an appropriate billing method, see [Billing](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/228/2949).

### 2. Can I try out CDN for free?
CDN provides a 10 GB traffic package for all customers every month. You can choose the Bill-by-Traffic method and use this pack to try out CDN for free.

### 3. When is the fee of CDN deducted?
CDN is billed on a postpaid basis. The charge for total consumption generated on the current date is billed and deducted on the next day:
- If the original billing method is Bill-by-Bandwidth on the current date, and it is changed to Bill-by-Traffic when there is no consumption generated, the settlement for this day will be made based on Bill-by-Traffic the next day, provided that the billing method remains unchanged after this change.
- If the original billing method is Bill-by-Bandwidth on the current date and consumption has generated before it is changed to Bill-by-Traffic, the settlement for this day will be made based on Bill-by-Bandwidth the next day, provided that the billing method remains unchanged after this change. When the settlement for the next day is made on the third day, Bill-by-Traffic will be used.

If you want to change the billing mode, please contact your sales rep or [submit a ticket](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/workorder/category).

### 4. What is Monthly 95th Percentile billing?
Bill-by-Bandwidth is a billing method based on peak bandwidth use.
**Monthly 95th Percentile**: There are 288 CDN bandwidth statistical points per day. Starting from the 1st day of the current month, all statistical points of valid days (when bandwidth is actually consumed) are sorted in order. The first 5% points are removed, and the remaining highest value is the billable bandwidth. The fee is then calculated based on the listing price and settlement method.
> Billing Sample:
> Suppose a customer's billing officially started on February 1, 2018, and the monthly bill-by-bandwidth unit price is USDP/Mbps/month.
> Assuming there are 14 days in February with over 1 Kbps bandwidth, the billable bandwidth for all 14 days has 14 \* 288 statistical points, and the highest 5% points are removed, the highest remaining point is the Max95, which is the billable bandwidth. So the February fee is: Max95 \* P \* 14/28 (P is subject to the actual tier, billable bandwidth in different tiers are billed according to the corresponding unit price).

### 5. How can I query my CDN bills?
You can query your bills in Tencent Cloud [Billing Center](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/account). For more information, see [Query Bills](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/228/6071).

### 6. Can I return a purchased traffic package?
No. The CDN traffic package is immediately sent to your account upon purchase. It can't be returned.

### 7. Where is the CDN price calculator?
Click [CDN Price Calculator](https://buy.cloud.tencent.com/calculator/cdn) to enter the price calculator page.

### 8. Can CDN be billed by number of requests?
Not yet.

### 9. What will happen if I fail to pay CDN on time?
For more information, see [In Case of Arrears](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/228/2954).

### 10. If the origin server uses COS, will the traffic generated by CDN forwarding to COS be charged?
The traffic generated by origin-pull from CDN to COS is billed by COS instead of CDN (for more information, see the [Billing Description](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/436/16871)).

### 11. When CDN is disabled (or deactivated), will it generate traffic and incur a charge?
When CDN is disabled, if the domain is still configured as CNAME, a 404 error is returned when the request is resolved to the node, which may generate slight traffic. It is recommended that you change the resolution origin-pull before suspending the service.
