## Overview
This document describes how to use a web function to quickly migrate a local Express service to the cloud.


## Prerequisites
- Before using TKE, you need to sign up for a [Tencent Cloud account](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/register) and complete [identity verification](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/378/3629) first.
- You have installed the Node.js environment locally. For more information, please see [Downloads](https://nodejs.org/zh-cn/download/).

## Directions

### Local development

#### Initializing Express project (optional)
Run the following command locally to quickly create an Express project. For project details, please see [Express application generator](https://expressjs.com/en/starter/generator.html).
```shell
npx express-generator
```
 If there is already a project in your local system, you can skip this step.

#### Installing dependencies
Run the following command to enter your project directory and install the required dependencies:
```shell
cd <Project-Folder>
npm install
```

#### Running project locally
- Run the following command on macOS or Linux:
```
DEBUG=myapp:* npm start
```
- Run the following command on Windows:
```
set DEBUG=myapp:* & npm start
```

After execution, access `http://localhost:3000/` to view your project locally.

### Deployment in cloud
1. Log in to the [SCF console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/scf) and click **Function Service** on the left sidebar.
2. Select the region where to create a function at the top of the page and click **Create** to enter the function creation process.
3. On the **Create Function** page, select **Custom Creation** and enter the basic function information.
 - **Function Type**: select **Web function**.
 - **Function Name**: enter the name of your function.
 - **Region**: enter your function deployment region, which is "Guangzhou" by default.
 - **Runtime Environment**: select **Nodejs 12.16**.
 - **Deployment Method**: select **Code deployment** and upload your local project.
 <dx-alert infotype="notice" title="">
Before uploading the local project, you need to change the listening port in the project to `9000`; otherwise, the function cannot run properly.
</dx-alert>
4. In **Advanced Configuration**, configure the start command file. You can select the default Express framework template provided by SCF or write your own start command based on your actual project situation.
5. In **Trigger Configuration**, only API Gateway trigger is supported currently, and a trigger will be created automatically based on the default configuration.
6. Click **Complete**.




### Function management

After creating the function, you can view its basic information on the **Function Management** page and access it at the access path URL generated by API Gateway.

