The log management feature is used to record the detailed access information of the specified source bucket and store the information in the specified bucket in the form of log files to facilitate bucket management.

Currently, the use limits of the log management feature are as follows:

- Delivery frequency limit: A log is generated every 5 minutes.
- Limit on the size of log file to be delivered: The log file to be delivered each time can be up to 256 MB. After this limit is exceeded, a new file will be delivered.
- Format of the log to be delivered: Each record is saved as one line and can contain multiple fields separated by space.
- Restrictions on the fields to be delivered: For more information on the fields to be delivered, see [Log Management Overview](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/436/16920).
- Invalid fields: If a field in a log contains the `-` character, the field is an invalid record or the default record.

## Content Recorded in a Log

- The requests initiated by you to upload, download, or delete an object, to create or delete a bucket, or to modify the bucket configuration.
- The requests generated by content delivery through CDN and data pull from the COS origin server.

## Content Not Recorded in a Log

- Offline origin-pull requests: After origin-pull is configured, if there are no objects in COS, the data will be downloaded from the origin server specified by you. This download operation is an offline origin-pull request and will not be recorded in the log.
- Redirects within a static website: If you configure redirection in the static website feature, you may be redirected to another page when accessing index.html. Such redirects will not be recorded in the log.
- Lifecycle transitions and deletions: If you configure the lifecycle to transition or delete objects after expiration, the operations of transitioning or deleting objects will be performed by the COS backend and will not be recorded in the log.
- Operations of listing objects and uploading inventory reports: The inventory feature automatically lists all or specified objects in your buckets and delivers the generated inventory report to your buckets on a periodical basis. The operations of listing objects and delivering inventory reports will not be recorded in the log.
- Operations of cross-region object replication: Cross-region replication involves getting an object from the source bucket and uploading it to the destination bucket. These operations are performed by the COS backend and will not be recorded in the log.
- Object downloads in the COS Select feature: The COS Select feature allows you to extract an object which needs to be obtained from a storage device first. Object downloads are performed by the COS backend and will not be recorded in the log.
