If a published API uses the application-enabled authentication method (`ApiAppKey` and `ApiAppSecret`), when a client calls the API, it needs to use the signature key to perform signature calculation on the request content and transfer the signature to the server for signature verification. This document describes how to implement the signature calculation process on the client.

>?For application-enabled authentication signature demos for common programming languages, see [Development Guide - Generating Application Authentication Signature](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/628/35254).

## Overview

API Gateway provides a frontend signature calculation and verification feature, which can:
- Verify the validity of a client request and confirm that the request carries the signature generated by the authorized `ApiAppKey`.
- Prevent the request data from being tampered with during network transfer.

The owner of an API can generate an application on the application management page in the API Gateway console. Each application carries a signature key pair (`ApiAppKey` and `ApiAppSecret`). After the API owner authorizes the API to the specified application (which can be issued by the API owner or owned by an API caller), the API caller can use the application's signature key to call the API.

When the client calls the API, it needs to use the authorized signature key to perform encrypted signature calculation on the critical request content, put the `ApiAppKey` and the encrypted signature string in the header of the request, and transfer it to API Gateway. API Gateway will read the header information of the `ApiAppKey` in the request, query the value of the `ApiAppSecret` corresponding to the value of the `ApiAppKey`, use the `ApiAppSecret` to perform signature calculation on the critical data in the received request, and compare the generated signature with the signature sent by the client to verify the correctness of the signature. Only if the request passes the signature verification will it be sent to the backend service; otherwise, API Gateway will deem the request invalid and directly return an error.

## Signature Generation and Verification Process

### Prerequisites

- The security authentication type of the called API is "application authentication".
- The API caller needs to get the authorization granted to the application by the API before calling the API.

### Signature generation on client

1. Extract the critical data from the original request and get a string for signing.
2. Use the encryption algorithm plus `ApiAppSecret` to encrypt the critical data signature string to get a signature.
3. Add all headers related to the signature to the original HTTP request to get the final HTTP request.

### Signature verification on server

1. Extract the critical data from the received request and get a string for signing.
2. Read the `ApiAppKey` from the received request and query the corresponding `ApiAppSecret` through the `ApiAppKey`.
3. Use the encryption algorithm plus `ApiAppSecret` to encrypt the critical data signature string to get a signature.
4. Read the client signature from the received request and check whether the server signature and the client signature are the same.

## Signature Generation and Transfer

### Signature string extraction

The client needs to extract the critical data from the HTTP request and splice it into a signature string in the following format:
```
Headers
HTTPMethod
Accept
Content-Type
Content-MD5
PathAndParameters
```

The above 6 fields constitute the entire signature string. They need to be separated with `\n`. `Headers` must contain `X-Date`. There is no need to add `\n` after `PathAndParameters`. Even if other fields are empty, `\n` should still be retained. The signature is case sensitive. The extraction rules for each field are as follows:
- Headers: you can select specified headers to participate in the signature calculation. The keys of the selected headers are sorted in lexicographical order and then spliced as follows:
```
HeaderKey1 + ": " + HeaderValue1 + "\n"\+
HeaderKey2 + ": " + HeaderValue2 + "\n"\+
...
HeaderKeyN + ": " + HeaderValueN + "\n"
```
The headers in `Authorization` are the ones involved in signature calculation. We recommend you convert them to the lowercase and separate them by ASCII spaces. For example, if the headers involved in the calculation are `date` and `source`, the format should be `headers="date source"`; if only the `x-date` header participates in the calculation, the format should be `headers="x-date"`.
- HTTPMethod: HTTP method. The value should be in all caps (such as POST).
- Accept: value of the `Accept` header in the request, which can be empty. We recommend you explicitly set the `Accept` header. If it is empty, some HTTP clients will set the default value of */* for it, causing signature verification to fail.
- Content-Type: value of the `Content-Type` header in the request, which can be empty.
- Content-MD5: value of the `Content-MD5` header in the request, which can be empty. The `Content-MD5` header is calculated only when the request has a `Body` in a `non-Form` format. The calculation method of the `Content-MD5` value in Java is as follows:
```Java
String content-MD5 = Base64.encodeBase64(MD5(bodyStream.getbytes("UTF-8")));
```

- PathAndParameters: it contains all the parameters in `Path`, `Query`, and `Form` in the following format:
	- `path` does not contain release environment (release, prepub, test) information.
	- The keys of the `Query` and `Form` parameter pair are sorted in lexicographical order and then spliced in the above-mentioned method.
	- If `Query` and `Form` parameters are empty, use `Path` directly without adding `?`.
	- If the value of a parameter is empty, only the key is kept to participate in the signature calculation, and the equal sign does not need to be added in the signature.
	- If there are array parameters in `Query` and `Form` (i.e., parameters with the same key but different values), the values need to be sorted in lexicographical order and then spliced in the above-mentioned method.

Take a general HTTP request as an example:
```
POST / HTTP/1.1
host:service-3rmwxxxx-1255968888.cq.apigw.tencentcs.com
accept:application/json
content-type:application/x-www-form-urlencoded
source:apigw test
x-date:Thu, 11 Mar 2021 08:29:58 GMT
content-length:8
p=test
```

The generated correct signature string is as follows:
```
source: apigw test
x-date: Thu, 11 Mar 2021 08:29:58 GMT
POST
application/json
application/x-www-form-urlencoded


/?p=test
```

### Signature calculation

After the client extracts the critical data from the HTTP request and splices it into a signature string, it needs to encrypt and encode the signature string to form the final signature in the following steps:
1. Use UTF-8 to decode the signature string (`signing_str` signing information) to get a byte array.
2. Use the encryption algorithm to encrypt the byte array.
3. Base64-encode the encrypted byte array to form the final signature.

### Signature transfer

The client needs to put the `Authorization` in the HTTP request and transfer it to API Gateway for signature verification.
The format of the `Authorization` header is as follows:
```
Authorization: hmac id="secret_id", algorithm="hmac-sha1", headers="date source", signature="Base64(HMAC-SHA1(signing_str, secret_key))"
```

The parameters in `Authorization` are described as follows:

| Parameter | Description | 
|---------|---------|
| hmac | Fixed and used to indicate the calculation method |
| ID | Value of the `secret_id` in the key |
| algorithm | Encryption algorithm. HMAC-SHA1 and HMAC-SHA256 are supported currently |
| headers | Headers involved in the signature calculation |
| signature | Signature obtained after signature calculation is completed, with `signing_str` as its content |

Below is an example of an HTTP request with a signature:
```
POST / HTTP/1.1
host:service-3rmwxxxx-1255968888.cq.apigw.tencentcs.com
accept:application/json
content-type:application/x-www-form-urlencoded
source:apigw test
x-date:Thu, 11 Mar 2021 08:29:58 GMT
Authorization:hmac id="xxxxxxx", algorithm="hmac-sha1", headers="source x-date", signature="xyxyxyxyxyxy"
content-length:8
p=test
```

## Signature Troubleshooting
**Question:**
If the API Gateway signature verification fails, the server's signature string (StringToSign) will be put in the HTTP response header and returned to the client with an error code of 401.

**Solution:**
1. Check whether the locally calculated signature string (StringToSign) is the same as that returned by the server.
2. Check whether the `ApiAppSecret` used for signature calculation is correct.
Since line breaks cannot be expressed in HTTP headers, line breaks in `StringToSign` are replaced with `#`.
```
"message":"HMAC signature does not match, Server StringToSign:source: apigw test#x-date: Thu, 11 Mar 2021 08:49:30 GMT#POST#application\/json#application\/x-www-form-urlencoded##\/?p=test"
```
This means that the server signature is:
<dx-codeblock>
:::  1
source: apigw test
x-date: Thu, 11 Mar 2021 08:29:58 GMT
POST
application/json
application/x-www-form-urlencoded

/?p=test
:::
</dx-codeblock>

