Internal testing of CBS snapshot products started in 2016. It was launched for **formal commercialization** on January 22, 2019 on the Chinese site and on March 1, 2019 on the international site. After commercialization, all stored snapshots and newly generated snapshots will be charged for according to the storage capacity used by the snapshot.
> **Note**: 
> The underlying data storage for [images](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/4940) uses CBS snapshot service. As a result, retaining custom images will occupy a certain portion of your snapshot capacity, and will incur associated costs.

## Detailed commercialization information
### Snapshot commercialization date and scope
The scope of snapshot commercialization includes all users on Tencent Cloud’s Chinese and international sites.
The specific date and time of snapshot commercialization on the Chinese site is as follows:
- 00:00, January 22, 2019, Asia Pacific (Tokyo) formally commercialized.
- 00:00 January 23, 2019, Southeast Asia (Hong Kong, China) and other overseas regions formally commercialized.
- 00:00, January 24, 2019, South China (Shenzhen Finance), South China (Guangzhou Open), and East China (Shanghai Finance) formally commercialized.
- 00:00, January 25, 2019, North China (Beijing), East China (Shanghai), South China (Chengdu), and Southwest China (Chongqing) formally commercialized.

International site launched snapshot commercialization on March 1, 2019.

### Service upgrades after commercialization
After snapshot commercialization, Tencent Cloud will provide users with better service.
>Listed below are maximum values supported in the same region under a single Tencent Cloud account.

| Upgrade | Pre-commercialization | Post-commercialization |
|---------|---------|---------|
| Number of snapshots | 0+the number of cloud disks in the region \*  7 (units) | Each CBS disk has a quota of 64 snapshots. We recommend you pay attention to the number of snapshots, and delete those you do not need. |
| Total snapshot capacity | 20TB | No limit |
| Number of scheduled snapshot policies | 20 | 30 |
| Number of cloud disks that can be bound to a scheduled snapshot policy | 100 | 200 |
| Maximum cloud disk capacity supported by scheduled snapshots | 1000GB | 16TB |

### Snapshots and images
- The underlying data storage of images uses CBS snapshot service, which automatically generates an associated snapshot when an image is created. The image and its associated snapshot has a binding relationship, you must first [delete an image](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/6036) before you can delete its associated snapshot. You can check image details for information about the snapshot that is associated with the custom image.
- When using image sharing, only the Tencent Cloud account creator needs to pay for associated snapshot fees, the shared party does not need to pay.
- Associated snapshots generated by custom images are charged for based on the actual capacity of the snapshots, you can check snapshot overview to view the total snapshot capacity.
- If your Tencent Cloud account goes into arrears, the creation of custom images will fail. Before creating custom images, ensure your Tencent Cloud account has sufficient balance.

### Snapshot Billing
#### Billing Rules
- Billing mode: Fees are charged according to the total storage capacity of your snapshots. Each region is charged for separately. Currently, only the **pay-as-you-go** method is supported, with hourly settlement.
- Billing standard: Snapshot billing standard varies by region. For more information, see [Price Overview](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/362/2413).
- Freezing policy: Once your Tencent Cloud account goes into arrears, snapshot-related operations are immediately suspended, including creation, rollback, cross-region replication, and scheduled snapshot policies. After the account has been in arrears for 30 days, all snapshots will be deleted.

#### Complimentary Quota
After snapshot commercialization, Tencent Cloud will still provide users with a certain amount of free tier in major regions in China. The free tier policy is as follows:
- The free tier covers mainland China and Hong Kong, China. Overseas regions do not currently have free tier for snapshots.
- When users in one of the regions mentioned above have cloud disks in normal operating status (not in to be repossessed or terminated status), Tencent Cloud provides a 50GB snapshot free tier in this region.
- Time limit of the free tier is 1 year, and we plan to cancel this free tier policy by February, 2020.

#### Billing Example
The following table describes snapshot billing circumstances under different use scenarios of snapshots and cloud disks:

<table>
     <tr>
         <th>Region</th>  
         <th nowrap="nowrap">Total snapshot capacity</th>  
				 <th nowrap="nowrap">Cloud disk quantity and status</th>
				 <th>Snapshot billing circumstances</th>
     </tr>
	 <tr>
         <td nowrap="nowrap">North China (Beijing)</td>
         <td>100GB</td>
				 <td nowrap="nowrap">1 cloud disk<br/>**To be repossessed** status</td>
				 <td><li>Complimentary snapshot quota is not available currently. Total snapshot capacity of 100GB is pay-as-you-go on an hourly billing cycle.</li><li>After the cloud disk is renewed or a new cloud disk is purchased, complimentary quota can be obtained again, and snapshot capacity is pay-as-you-go on an hourly billing cycle as (100GB - 50GB = 50GB).</li></td>
     </tr> 
	 <tr>
         <td nowrap="nowrap">Southeast Asia (Hong Kong, China)</td>
         <td>60GB</td>
				 <td>1 cloud disk<br/>**Mounted** status</td>
				 <td>Currently has the complimentary snapshot quota, total snapshot capacity is pay-as-you-go on an hourly billing cycle as (60GB - 50GB = 10GB).</td>
     </tr>
	 <tr>
         <td nowrap="nowrap">Southeast Asia (Singapore)</td>
         <td>40GB</td>
				 <td>1 cloud disk<br/>**Mounted** status</td>
				 <td>Does not have a complimentary snapshot quota, total snapshot capacity is pay-as-you-go on an hourly billing cycle as 40GB.</td>
     </tr>
</table>

## Manually created snapshots and scheduled snapshots
Tencent Cloud provides the following two methods for you to create snapshots:
- Manually created snapshots: Manually back up the data of the cloud disk at any point in time as a snapshot, which can be used to create more identical cloud disks or, in the future, restore the cloud disk to its state at that point in time. For more information about specific operations, see [Creating Snapshots](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/362/5755).
- Scheduled snapshots: If your business continuously updates, you can use scheduled snapshots to provide continuous backups. By implementing a backup policy and associating cloud disks, you can achieve continuous data backups of cloud disks for a certain period, substantially enhancing data security.  <!--For more information, see [Scheduled Snapshots]().-->

<a id="reduceoverhead"></a>
## How to effectively reduce snapshot costs after commercialization
### For users who plan to continue using snapshots
- Delete snapshots no longer in use.
- Delete custom images no longer in use and their associated snapshots.
- Reduce snapshot creation frequency for non-core businesses.
- Reduce snapshot storage time for non-core businesses.

| Business Scenario | Snapshot Frequency | Snapshot storage time |
|---------|---------|---------|
| Core businesses | We recommend you use scheduled snapshots, with the policy set for once every day. | 7-30 days recommended |
| Non-core, non-data businesses| We recommend you use scheduled snapshots, with the policy set for once every week | 7 days recommended |
| Archive businesses | We recommend you use manually created snapshots according to actual business requirements, no need to set a fixed frequency | 1 to several months recommended |
| Testing businesses |  We recommend you use manually created snapshots according to actual business requirements, no need to set a fixed frequency | Delete after use recommended |

### For users who plan to stop using snapshots
- Check and delete existing snapshots: Check and delete stored snapshots of each region.
- Check and delete existing custom images and associated snapshots: Check and delete stored custom images of each region, then delete their associated snapshots.
- Check and modify scheduled snapshot policies: Check the scheduling policy of each region, delete the policy or set it to be unavailable to prevent continued generation of new scheduled snapshots.
