Tencent Cloud respects the intellectual property rights of others and requires that you do the same when using Tencent Cloud. The [Tencent Cloud Terms of Service](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/301/9248) (including the [Tencent Cloud Acceptable Use Policy](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/301/9245)) prohibit you from using Tencent Cloud to infringe the copyrights of any third parties.

If you wish to report any content or material that infringe your intellectual property rights has been uploaded to a Tencent Cloud service, please report the alleged infringement by filling in the [Tencent Cloud International Portal Copyright Complaint Form](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/report-platform). This will enable us to investigate your infringement complaint quickly and efficiently.

Tencent Cloud will also respond to copyright notifications submitted in accordance with our DMCA-based [Notification Policy](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/301/38679). If we receive a valid copyright notice related to material uploaded by you, we will forward you a copy of the notice and we may take steps to remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing material, which may include suspending your access to Tencent Cloud. If we receive a valid copyright notice related to material uploaded to your Application by your End User, then we will forward you a copy of the notice and you must act promptly to: (i) forward the notice to the End User responsible for uploading the material and (ii) remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing material . If you fail to respond to any takedown notice promptly, or if we otherwise determine that it is necessary for us to remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing material in order to satisfy legal requirements, then we may take steps to remove or disable access to your Application in its entirety and/or suspend your access to Tencent Cloud. If you believe that the notice is incorrect or that you have the right to use the material at issue, you (or your End User responsible for uploading the material), may respond to the notifying party directly and/or send a counter-notice to Tencent Cloud under Section 512(g)(3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”). If Tencent Cloud determines that you or your End Users, have repeatedly infringed the copyrights of others or repeatedly failed to respond to valid takedown requests in a timely manner, we may terminate your account in appropriate circumstances. Please see our [Notification Policy](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/301/38679) for more information. 
