
This document answers some FAQs about service features based on user feedback and will be updated continuously.
 
### 1. Which system versions are supported by the SDK?
 iOS: iOS 8.0 or later, Xcode 9 or later, and OS X 10.10 or later.
Android: Android 4.0.3 (API 15) or later. However, hardware encoding can be enabled only on Android 4.3 (API 18) or later.

### 2. Does the SDK support x86 architecture?
iOS: yes.      
Android: no.

### 3. Does the SDK support image stabilization for shooting?
No.

### 4. Are legacy SDKs (such as 3.9) available?
No. We recommend you use the latest version.

### 5. Is a License for Publication of Audio-Visual Programs Through Information Network required for connecting to UGSV?
No.

### 6. Can I use the background music files in the demo and UGSV application?
No. The background music files in the demo and UGSV application are only for feature demonstration. If you use them in a commercial application, there will be legal risks.

### 7. Can shot and edited videos be converted to .gif images?
No. You can get the list of sampled video images by using SDK APIs (`TXVideoEditer` > `TXVideoInfoReader` > `getSampleImages`) and generate .gif images by yourself.

### 8. Does the SDK support photo capturing?
Yes. You can call the capturing API in the shooting API (`TXUGCRecord` > `snapshot`).

### 9. Can I directly upload videos generated by the SDK to a non-Tencent Cloud platform (such as a WeChat Official Account)?
Videos generated by the SDK can be uploaded to the Tencent Cloud VOD server, which is described in the demo source code. If you want to upload videos to another platform, please check the corresponding upload requirements by yourself.

### 10. Does the SDK support WeChat Mini Programs?
No.

### 11. Does the SDK support eye enlarging and face slimming filters?
Only the Enterprise Edition SDK supports them.

### 12. How does the SDK get video information such as video image width and height?
`TXVideoEditer` > `TXVideoInfoReader` > `getVideoInfo`.

### 13. Can I insert images at any place in the video during video editing?
No.

### 14. What is the SDK decompression key?
You can contact your Tencent Cloud rep to get the decompression key for the Enterprise Edition SDK.
There are no decompression keys for the Lite and Basic Edition SDKs.
