A complete SMS message consists of **SMS signature** and **SMS body**. You can set different body templates based on your business needs and then combine a signature and a body into the final SMS content: `[SMS signature] SMS body`.
After an SMS signature is submitted, it will be reviewed within two hours generally. Review hours: Monday–Sunday, 9:00–23:00 (postponed accordingly in case of public holidays). You can set your mobile number and email address to receive review result notifications.



## Creating a Signature

1. Log in to the [SMS Console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/smsv2).

2. Select **Chinese Mainland SMS** > **Signatures** on the left sidebar and click **Create Signature**.

3. Take into account your actual needs and

    

   signature review standards

    

   to set the following parameters:

   - Signature Type: type of the SMS signature.
     Organizational users can choose **Company**, **App**, **Website**, **Official Account/Mini Program**, **Trademark**, or **Government/public institution/other**.
     Individual users can choose **App**, **Website**, or **Official Account/Mini Program**.
   - Signature Purpose: purpose of the SMS signature. You can choose **For verified entities** (such as organizations, websites or product names with signatures verified by the account) or **For unverified entities** (such as organizations, websites, or product names with signatures that are not verified by the account).
   - Signature Content: actual content of the SMS signature. There is no need to enter [], such as `Tencent Cloud`.
   - Certificate Type: type of qualification and identity certificates used to apply for SMS signature.
   - Certificate Upload: upload the photo or scan of the corresponding certificate according to the selected **Certificate Type**. Images in .jpg or .png format of less than 5 MB in size are supported.
   - Authorization: this parameter appears only if the **Signature Purpose** is set to "For others".
     i. Download and fill out the [authorization letter](https://sms-1258344699.cos.ap-guangzhou.myqcloud.com/Declaration%20of%20Authorisation%20(SMS%20Signature).docx), where the authorized party must be entered as the full name of the individual/organization verified under the current Tencent Cloud account, and the authorizing party must be entered as the full name of the entity to whom the signature belongs.
     ii. Affix the official seal of the authorizing party onto the authorization letter.
     iii. Upload a photo or scan of the authorization letter stamped with the official seal of the authorizing party. Images in .jpg or .png format of less than 5 MB in size are supported.
   - Note: when applying for a signature of the **app**, **website**, or **WeChat Official Account or WeChat Mini Program** type, you must enter the information according to the Signature Review Standards. This parameter is optional for application for signatures of other types.

4. Click **OK**.
   Waiting for signature review. The SMS signature will be available only after its status changes to **approved**.

## Modifying a Signature


>!
> Modifications can be made only if the signature status is **pending review** or **rejected**. **Approved** signatures cannot be modified.

1. On the

    

   Signatures

    

   page, you can view the signature information.

   - ID: signature ID automatically generated by the system.
   - Content: actual content of the SMS signature. The content of an approved signature can be specified as the value of the `sign` parameter when sending SMS via APIs or SDKs. If this parameter is not specified, the content of the first approved signature will be used by default.
   - Status/Reason: status of the signature, including **pending review**, **rejected**, and **approved**. If the signature status is **rejected**, you can click **View Details** to view the detailed reason or suggestion.
   - Time Applied: the time when the signature was created.

2. Click **Edit** on the line of a **pending review** or **rejected** signature, modify its information, and click **Confirm** to submit it for review again.

## Deleting a Signature

When you no longer need a signature, you can delete it. **Once deleted, the signature cannot be restored directly; instead, you will have to submit a new application for review; therefore, please do so with caution.**

1. On the [Signatures](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/smsv2/csms-sign) page, click **Delete** on the line of the target signature.
2. In the dialog box that pops up, click **Delete**.
