### What image processing features does Cloud Infinite (CI) provide?
According to your needs, you can choose among various image processing features provided by CI, including scaling, cropping, transcoding, and watermarking, as well as value-added services such as blind watermarking and QR code recognition.

### What image formats can CI process?
CI can process images in JPG, BMP, GIF, PNG, and WEBP formats, and decode and process HEIF images.

### What are the limits for image processing in CI?
The maximum image size is limited to 20 MB, with both the height and width less than 9,999 pixels.

### Where does CI store my data?
CI uses Tencent Cloud Object Storage (COS) to store data. You can process images during uploading and persist the results in COS, or process images during downloading.

### How can I migrate my images to Tencent Cloud?
You can use COS Migration Tool or Migration Service Platform (MSP) for this purpose.
>You need to provide source bucket names and the corresponding List permissions for migration.

### How can I switch to Tencent Cloud CI without interrupting the use of images by my current website?
You can use the image origin-pull feature of COS to bind COS buckets to your origin server, then replace the image processing domain name with the CI domain name (CI pulls original images from the origin server and then processes them, while COS pulls images asynchronously.) In this method, only resources that you request will be migrated.

### Do CDN domain names support image processing?
CI supports image processing through CDN domain names. To this end, you can enable CDN acceleration in CI Console, or, in CDN Console, set the origin server of the acceleration domain to the CI domain (by selecting **Own origin** and entering the CI domain).

### Can I perform several operations with one request?
Yes, you can achieve this by using style separators. For example, with url?imageMorg2/cut/400x400|watermark/1/xxx, you can crop an image and add a watermark at the same time.

### How is CI billed?
CI charges for services including basic image processing, blind watermarking, QR code recognition, and CDN origin-pull traffic and public network outbound traffic generated by requests. For more information, see the [Purchase Guide](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1045/33431).

### Will images be stored after being processed?
Processed images will be stored through APIs. Images processed during downloading will not be stored in customers’ storage.

### Can I process images during uploading or downloading?
Yes, you can. You can also process images already stored in COS buckets.

### Do image processing URLs support encrypted access?
Yes. You can encrypt URLs based on our encoding and decoding rules. Encrypted access is a customized feature, if you want to use it, [submit a ticket](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/workorder/category) to apply.

### How can I perform several operations on an image at the same time?
Take cropping + watermarking as an example, use the pipeline operator **l** to connect respective processing parameters, and then both operations will be performed in sequence.

### Why do the quality and size of the image stay the same no matter which parameters I use?
One possible cause is that the EXIF information of the original image accounts for the majority of the image size. If the image size shows little change after you adjust the image resolution, use the **strip** parameter to remove the EXIF information. For instructions, see [Removing Meta Information](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/460/36547).

### Why does the watermarked image not take effect?
This issue may result from the following common reasons:
- The watermarked image and the original image to be watermarked are not in the same bucket.
- The format of the URL of the watermarked image is incorrect. For example, the URL must begin with **http://**. In this case, do not omit the HTTP string nor use HTTPS.
- The URL of the watermarked image must use the CI domain. Do not use the CDN acceleration domain name or other domain names.

### Can I sync my hotlink protection configuration in CI to COS?
Each hotlink protection configuration is bound to a specific domain name. CI and COS have different domain names, and therefore their hotlink protection configurations are independent of each other.