
## TUIKit Overview

TUIKit is a UI component library based on Tencent Cloud Chat SDK. It provides universal UI components to offer features such as conversation, chat, relationship chain, group, and audio/video call features.
With these UI components, you can quickly build your own business logic.
When implementing UI features, components in TUIKit will also call the corresponding APIs of the Chat SDK to implement Chat-related logic and data processing, allowing developers to focus on their own business needs or custom extensions.


## Demos
Try out the demo [here](https://web.sdk.qcloud.com/im/demo/intl/index.html) and obtain the open source code [chat-uikit-react](https://github.com/TencentCloud/chat-uikit-react) in GitHub.

## Environment Requirements
- React ≥ v18.0
- TypeScript
- Node (12.13.0 ≤ node version ≤ 17.0.0. The official LTS version 16.17.0 of Node.js is recommended.)
- npm (use a version that matches the Node version in use)

## Running Demo

### Step 1. Download the source code
```
# Run the code in CLI
$ git clone https://github.com/TencentCloud/chat-uikit-react
# Go to the project  
$ cd chat-uikit-react
# Install dependencies of the demo and build chat-uikit-react
$ npm install && npm run build
$ cd examples/sample-chat && npm install
```

>! The dependency package `@tencentcloud/chat-uikit-react` of the `examples/sample-chat` project is a local package. Therefore, you need to run `npm run build` or `npm run start` in the `chat-uikit-react` root directory. The `npm run start` command will start `npm run rollup -c -w`, and the `examples/sample-chat` project will load the modified component library in real time. You are advised to use the `npm run start` command if you need to develop or modify the component library.


### Step 2. Configure the demo
1. Open the `examples/sample-chat` project and locate the `GenerateTestUserSig.js` file in `./examples/sample-chat/src/debug/GenerateTestUserSig.js`.
2. In the `GenerateTestUserSig.js` file, set `SDKAPPID` and `SECRETKEY`, whose values can be obtained in the [Chat console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/im). Click the card of the target app to go to its basic configuration page.
3. Click the copy icons corresponding to **SDKAppID** and `SECRETKEY` in the figure above and use the copied values to replace the original `SDKAPPID` and `SECRETKEY` in the `GenerateTestUserSig.js` file.
>!
>- In this document, the method to obtain `UserSig` is to configure the secret key in the client code. In this method, the secret key is vulnerable to decompilation and reverse engineering. Once your secret key is leaked, attackers can steal your Tencent Cloud traffic. Therefore, **this method is only suitable for locally running a demo project and debugging.**
>- The correct UserSig distribution method is to integrate the computing code of UserSig into your server and provide an app-oriented API. When UserSig is required, your app can send a request to the business server to obtain the dynamic UserSig. For more information, please see "Generating a UserSig on the Server" in [Generating UserSig](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1047/34385).
   [](id:2-4)
4. Go to the account management page of the app, and create an account and obtain the userID, which will be used as the test user to send messages.

### Step 3. Launch the project
```
# Launch the project
$ cd examples/sample-chat
$ npm run start
```

### Step 4. Send your first message
1. After the product is launched, click the **+** icon to create a conversation.
2. Search for another user's userID in the input box. (See [Step 2.4](#2-4).)
3. Click the user's profile photo to initiate a conversation.
4. Enter a message in the input box and press **Enter** to send it.

## FAQs

#### What is `UserSig`?

A UserSig is a password with which you can log in to use Chat service. It is the ciphertext generated by encrypting information such as userID.

#### How can I generate a UserSig?

The correct `UserSig` distribution method is to integrate the calculation code of `UserSig` into your server and provide a project-oriented API. When `UserSig` is needed, your project can send a request to the business server for a dynamic `UserSig`. For more information, see "Calculating UserSig on the Server" section of [Generating UserSig](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1047/34385#GeneratingdynamicUserSig).

>! In the sample code in this document, the method to obtain `UserSig` is to configure a `SECRETKEY` in the client code. In this method, the `SECRETKEY` is vulnerable to decompilation and reverse engineering. Once your `SECRETKEY` is disclosed, attackers can steal your Tencent Cloud traffic. Therefore, **this method is only suitable for locally running a demo project and feature debugging**. For the correct `UserSig` distribution method, see above.

## References

- [SDK API Documentation](https://web.sdk.qcloud.com/im/doc/en/SDK.html)
- [SDK Update Log](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1047/34281)
