## Overview
Cloud Monitor events are collected from Tencent Cloud service modules and underlying infrastructure services. They are then aggregated, analyzed, condensed, and ultimately presented. Information sources are system logs and monitoring items under each module, which ensure the accuracy and value of the information passed through to customers.

EventBridge is connected to [Cloud Monitor](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/248). After you activate EventBridge, all Cloud Monitor events are automatically delivered to the [Tencent Cloud service event bus](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1108/42284).

## Cloud Monitor Event Format
Taking a "ping unreachable" event generated by CVM as an example, the standard format for delivering the event to EventBridge is as follows:
```json
{
    "specversion":"1.0",
    "id":"13a3f42d-7258-4ada-da6d-023a333b4662",
    "source":"${ProductName}.cloud.tencent",
    "type":"cvm:ErrorEvent:ping_unreachable",
    "subject":"${resource ID}",
    "time": 1615430559146,
    "region":"ap-guangzhou",
    "resource":[
        "qcs::eb:ap-guangzhou:uid1250000000:eventbusid/eventruleid"
    ],
    "datacontenttype":"application/json;charset=utf-8",
    "tags":{
        "key1":"value1",
        "key2":"value2"
     },
    "status":"1",
    "data":{
        "appId":"1250000011",
        "instanceId":"ins-sjdksjk",
        "projectId":"11",
        "dimensions":{
            "ip":"127.0.0.1"
            },
        "additionalMsg":{
            "IP":"something unnormal"
            }
    }
}
```

## Cloud Monitor Event Source

Based on event information sources, causes, characteristics and forms, Cloud Monitor events are divided into two categories:

- Events generated by resource instances and products (such as CVM instances) that are purchased and used by customers in Tencent Cloud. These events are directly or indirectly triggered by customers during use. They belong to specific resource instances. Customers can control and manage them. Resource instances affected by and associated with events can be explicitly determined.
- Events generated by the underlying platform infrastructure and services that support Tencent Cloud services, such as Virtual Machine Manager (VMM) that supports CVM at the virtualization layer and the underlying physical machines, networks, and storage modules. These events are generated or caused by the infrastructure and services of Tencent Cloud, and are not the result of customer behavior. They belong to services. Customers cannot control events, which instead can only be handled by Tencent Cloud. Services or product modules affected by and associated with events can be determined, but the affected and associated resource instances cannot always be determined.

## Event List

The following lists Cloud Monitor events generated by underlying platform infrastructure and services.

| Event Type | Event | Cause | Impact |
| ---- | ---------- | -------------- | -------------------- |
| Problem | CVM storage problem | CVM infrastructure storage module | The I/O performance of the CVM instance decreases, and data read/write exceptions occur |
| Problem | CVM network connection problem | CVM infrastructure network | The speed of the CVM instance network slows down, or the network is disconnected |
| Problem | CVM running exception | CVM infrastructure | The CVM instance bears a high load or crashes, causing service unavailability |

