<span id="service"></span>
## CVM for ICP filing application

If you want to submit your ICP filing application through Tencent Cloud, you need to purchase a Tencent Cloud CVM instance first, which should meet the following conditions:

- The CVM instance you purchase is based in **Mainland China** (CVM instances outside Mainland China require no ICP filing and cannot be used for ICP filing application).
- The billing mode should be **monthly subscription** (pay-as-you-go CVM instances are not supported currently).
- The CVM instance has a **public IP** (the bandwidth cannot be 0 at the time of purchase).
- The CVM instance has a length of purchase of **at least 3 months and has not expired** (otherwise, you need to renew it for at least 3 months).


## ICP filing authorization code

ICP filing authorization code is a server-generated authorization credential for ICP filing purposes that points to server's IP address.
If there is no CVM instance eligible for ICP filing application under your Tencent Cloud account, you can use an ICP filing authorization code.
To generate an ICP filing authorization code, your CVM instance need to meet the [requirements on Tencent Cloud CVM for ICP filing application](#service).

## Use Cases

Assume that you registered accounts A and B with Tencent Cloud. Then, you purchased a CVM instance under account A for building the websites of your company HQ and one of its branches, but didn't purchase one under account B. One Tencent Cloud account can be used to apply for ICP filing for only one entity, but the HQ and the branch are two different entities. Therefore, you need to apply for ICP filing for one of the entities using account B. As there is no CVM instance under account B, you need to use an ICP filing authorization code to submit the application, which is generated by the CVM instance under account A.

### Creating an ICP filing authorization code

1. Log in to account A under which you have purchased a CVM instance and go to the **[ICP Filing Registration Console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/beian)** > **ICP Filing Authorization Code** page.
2. Click **Generate Authorization Code**.
3. Select the CVM to be bound with and click **OK** to start generation.
4. After the code is successfully generated, you can view its details, change the CVM or delete it on the page.

### Using an ICP filing authorization code

1. Log in to account B under which there is no CVM instance, go to the [ICP Filing Registration Console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/beian), and click **Start ICP Filing** on the **ICP Filing Management** page to start the ICP filing process.
2. Then, select **ICP Filing Authorization Code** for **Tencent Cloud Service Used for Application** and paste the code generated in account A.
3. After successful verification, you can use account B to proceed with the ICP filing process. IP address of the CVM instance that provided the authorization code will be the ICP filing IP address.

