## Feature description

The exception diagnosis feature provides you with real-time performance monitoring, health inspections, and failure diagnosis, so that you can intuitively know the real-time operation status of database instances, locate newly appeared performance exceptions in real time.

## Overview

Log in to the [DBbrain console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/dbbrain/analysis) and select **Performance Optimization** on the left sidebar. On the displayed page, select a database type and an instance at the top, and select the **Exception Diagnosis** tab.

## Viewing the monitoring overview

The **Overview** section displays the database's overall health score, exception diagnosis event timeline, topology, and other information.

- At the top of the **Overview** section, you can select **Real-Time** or **Historical** to view corresponding statistics.
- On the timeline of **Diagnosis Event**, you can view the occurrence time point of each diagnosis event. Hover over the timeline and scroll up or down the mouse wheel to zoom it in or out.
- The **Health Score** section displays the instance's **CPU Utilization**, **Memory Utilization**, **Connection Utilization**, and **Read Request Hit Rate**. AI-based health scores can reflect the actual status of your databases.


## Viewing diagnosis information

Diagnosis events are displayed in the following risk levels: **Healthy**, **Note**, **Alarm**, **Serious**, and **Critical**. DBbrain performs health inspections on the instance once every ten minutes.

1. The **Diagnosis Prompt** section displays the **Distribution of Risks per Risk Level** of events.
2. In the **Diagnosis Details** list, click an event to enter the **Event Details** page.
3. In **Event Details**, view the **Description** of the event.
   - Event Details: Include the **Diagnosis items**, **Time Range**, **Risk Level**, **Duration**, and **Overview**.
   - Description: Includes problem snapshots and performance trends of the exception or health inspection event.
4. Ignore/Unignore an alarm.
   - You can click **Ignore** to ignore an alarm. Then, other diagnosis item alarms of the instance generated by the same root cause will also be ignored. Ignored alarms will be grayed out.
>?Only diagnosis item alarms that are not generated by health inspections can be ignored or unignored.
   - You can click **Unignore** to unignore an ignored alarm. Then, other diagnosis item alarms of the instance generated by the same root cause will also be unignored. Ignored diagnosis items are not displayed by default.
   In the **Diagnosis Prompt** section, hover over an alarm to display the **Ignore** button and click it. You can click **Ignore** or **Unignore** on the row of an alarm to ignore or unignore it and other alarms generated by the same root cause.
 Or, go to the **Event Details** page and click **Ignore** or **Unignore** in the top-right corner.

## Viewing SQL and slow SQL information

- The **Real-Time SQL** or **Historical SQL** section displays the overall information and distribution of the number of requests made to the instance, including `aggregate`, `command`, `count`, `delete`, `getMore`, `insert`, `read`, and `update` requests.
- The **Real-Time Slow SQL** or **Historical Slow SQL** section displays the trends of slow SQL requests and CPU utilization.


