## Billing
Anycast Internet Acceleration (AIA) billing is consist of the following two parts.

### Accelerating Traffic Fee
The traffic generated by an Anycast EIP is called accelerating traffic which is charged on the basis of bandwidth at a higher unit price than ordinary public network. After the calculation for the 95th percentile billing method is performed on the total traffic curve under one account, the fee is charged based on either the inbound or the outbound traffic (whichever is greater) at 24.71USD/Mbps/month.

Note:
The 95th percentile billing method: In a calendar month, the valid average bandwidth value is taken every 5 minutes, then the taken values are sorted in descending order with the highest 5% of the values removed, and the next highest value is used as the billable monthly 95th percentile bandwidth peak.
Take 30 days a month as an example and assume all values are valid. One bandwidth value is taken every 5 minutes, 12 values per hour, and 12 * 24 * 30 = 8640 values per month. All values are sorted in descending order, the first 5% of values are removed (8640 * 5% = 432), and the 433th value is the billable value.

### Idle Fee for Anycast EIP
An Anycast EIP is a type of EIP, and if there are no instances bound to it, idle fee will be charged. For details, see the Idle Fee section in the billing documentation.

## Billing Example
User A has purchased a number of Anycast EIPs under one account. The calculation for the 95th percentile billing method is performed on the total traffic generated by such EIPs. If the billable bandwidth value is 86.5 Mbps, then multiply it by the unit price (24.71USD/Mbps/month), and the final total price is USD2,137.415 (the discount during the internal trial period is not taken into account).

