<div class="tab_list">
<ul>
    <li><a href="#A-E">A-E</a></li>
    <li><a href="#F-O">F-O</a></li>
    <li><a href="#P-T">P-T</a></li>
    <li><a href="#U-Z">U-Z</a></li>
</ul>
</div>  

<span id="A-E"></span>
## A-E 
### Standard mode  
In standard mode, archive data can be retrieved within 3 to 5 hours normally. 
### Archive  
The basic entities stored in CAS. An archive consists of data and metadata. You can directly perform operations on a single archive. There is no limit on the number of archives in a vault. The size of each vault is limited to 40 TB.


<span id="F-O"></span>
## F-O 
### Output  
Outputs are located between the archives stored in CAS and users, and provide temporary storage for archive data. When a data retrieval and query job is completed, the data is temporarily stored in the output for 24 hours. After 24 hours, the data will become invalid.   
### Expedited mode  
This mode requires the least amount of time (1 to 5 minutes) to retrieve archive data. Files smaller than 256 MB are supported. When you need to access archives quickly in an emergency, using this mode can greatly save time and improve efficiency.   


<span id="P-T"></span>
## P-T 
### Bulk mode  
It is the lowest-cost mode. This mode can be used to obtain large amounts of archive data at a very low cost if you are not in urgent need of the data. Generally, it takes 5 to 12 hours to retrieve the archive data.
### Job  
A job instance is used to obtain offline files. You can obtain the data stored in CAS by initiating download jobs. After the jobs are initiated, you can query the job description and job list.  
### SecretKey
The SecretId and SecretKey are collectively referred to as the cloud API key, which is the security credential used for authentication when a user accesses a Tencent Cloud API. The SecretKey is the key used to encrypt the signature string and the server-side authentication signature string. Multiple cloud API keys can be created under an APPID. A user who does not have a cloud API key needs to create one by going to [Cloud API Key Console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/capi), otherwise he or she will not be able to call the cloud APIs.   
### SecretID  
The SecretId and SecretKey are collectively referred to as the cloud API key, which is the security credential used for authentication when a user accesses a Tencent Cloud API. The SecretId is used to identify the API caller. Multiple cloud API keys can be created under an APPID. A user who does not have a cloud API key needs to create one by going to [Cloud API Key Console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/capi), otherwise he or she will not be able to call the cloud APIs.
### Data retrieval  
A user retrieves archives from CAS to the output. Three modes are available based on access time and cost: expedited mode, standard mode, and bulk mode.  
<span id="U-Z"></span>
## U-Z
### Vault  
The container used to store data elements. Each data element is stored in a vault. You can use a vault for batch management of data. A maximum of 1000 vaults can be created under an account.  
### User ID 
APPID, also known as UID, is a unique user ID assigned to each developer when he or she accesses the CAS service. It is generated by the system automatically after the successful application for CAS.
### Supported operations  
You can create, delete, query, call back, and lock vaults, or add archives to them.    
### Resource ID  
The uniform identifier that Tencent Cloud uses to describe all cloud resources. It is expressed in a six-segment string, and can also be used to identify a vault. 

 

  

 
  

  
 


 










  















